Itchy Snowy Millipede

Medium

# Access Control Flaw in _burn Function Leads to Operational Disruption

## Summary
The vulnerability in the VotingEscrow contract arises due to an access control flaw within the _burn function, which inappropriately handles approval resetting, requiring broader permissions than necessary. This flaw disrupts operations such as token merging and withdrawals, as transactions initiated by users who are only approved for specific token IDs (and not globally) revert unexpectedly. On mainnet, this could lead to operational disruptions, preventing users from consolidating voting power or accessing their funds post-lock period, thereby undermining user trust and the functionality of the contract. Such issues could significantly impact user engagement and the platform's overall reliability.

## Vulnerability Detail
alchemix-v2-dao/src/VotingEscrow.sol #L1567[^1]

```solidity
src/VotingEscrow.sol:
537    function _burn(uint _tokenId) internal {
..SNIP..
542        // Clear approval
543        approve(address(0), _tokenId);
```
In `VotingEscrow.sol` contracts, there are multiple functions that allow whether the `msg.sender` is approved for the given token ID, is an operator of the owner, or is the owner of the token by utilizing `_isApprovedOrOwner` function.

```solidity
src/VotingEscrow.sol:
1195     function merge(uint _from, uint _to) external {
..SNIP..
1198         require(_isApprovedOrOwner(msg.sender, _from));
1199         require(_isApprovedOrOwner(msg.sender, _to));
..SNIP..
939      function increase_unlock_time(uint _tokenId, uint _lock_duration) external nonreentrant {
940         assert(_isApprovedOrOwner(msg.sender, _tokenId));
..SNIP..
955      function withdraw(uint256 _tokenId) external nonreentrant {
956         assert(_isApprovedOrOwner(msg.sender, _tokenId));
..SNIP..
295     function _isApprovedOrOwner(address _spender, uint _tokenId) internal returns (bool) {
...
298        address tokenOwner = idToOwner[_tokenId];
299        bool spenderIsOwner = tokenOwner == _spender;
300        bool spenderIsApproved = _spender == idToApprovals[_tokenId];
301        bool spenderIsApprovedForAll = (ownerToOperators[tokenOwner])[_spender];
302        return spenderIsOwner || spenderIsApproved || spenderIsApprovedForAll;
            }
..SNIP..
315      function _transferFrom(address _from, address _to, uint _tokenId, address _sender) internal {
..SNIP..
323        require(_isApprovedOrOwner(_sender, _tokenId));
```

However, two of these functions are in question in this report; `merge` and `withdraw`, since the `_burn` function is used.

The `_burn` function within the `VotingEscrow` contract is designed to remove tokens from circulation by clearing approvals and performing other state updates. However, due to the way access control is implemented, only the token owner or an entity approved for all user tokens can successfully execute this function without causing a revert. This is because the function internally calls `approve(address(0), _tokenId)`, which checks for broader permissions than those granted to entities approved for a single token.

## Impact
This results in operational disruptions for users who are legitimately authorized to perform actions (like `merge` and `withdraw`) that rely on `_burn`. They may encounter transaction reverts, leading to:

- Inability to merge tokens for voting power consolidation or management.
- Failed attempts to withdraw tokens post-lock period, leading to user dissatisfaction and potential disruption in planned economic activities within the platform.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L543

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
- Consider refactoring approval logic in `_burn`, Modify the internal logic of the `_burn` function to handle cases where the caller is only approved for the specific token ID being burned. This could involve bypassing the approval reset or adjusting the approval check to recognize and allow this scenario.
  
- Consider standardizing the approval reset process to use `_clearApproval`, especially in contexts where specific token approval is sufficient. This would align the behavior across different contract functions and improve the reliability of operations involving token transfers, burns, or modifications.
