Gorgeous Snowy Skunk

Medium

# Governor cannot `poke()` a tokenId if votes were passed on to a Gauge that was later paused or killed.

## Summary

When a vote is passed to a Gauge that is subsequently paused or killed, the `totalWeight` is inflated by this vote. The only way to lower the `totalWeight` is by calling the `reset()` function by the veNFT tokenID owner. To prevent this situation, the governor can `poke()` each user's tokenID. Unfortunately, this will not work as expected and will revert if the Gauge is paused or killed.

## Vulnerability Detail

Every active token should be poked, re-voted, or reset at least once per epoch to ensure the correct `totalWeight` within the Voter contract and to properly adjust the Gauge weights to reflect veNFT locks in the voting system.

If a Gauge is killed or paused, only a reset or a new vote by the veNFT owner will correctly adjust the weights. This occurs because `poke()` does not work correctly if the previously voted Gauge is killed or paused.

Consider a scenario where many users voted for such a Gauge, heavily affecting the `totalWeight`. In this case, the governor should poke each of those user tokenIds to reset the votes and re-vote for only alive Gauges.

This is not possible due to the check in the internal `_vote()` function:

```solidity
File: Voter.sol
265:             if (isGauge[_gauge]) {
266:                 require(isAlive[_gauge], "gauge already dead"); // <=== will revert if poke() with votes from killed Gauge
267:                 uint256 _poolWeight = _weights[i] * _weight / _totalVoteWeight;
268:                 require(votes[_tokenId][_pool] == 0);
```

In this situation, the system is on users mercy to either reset or re-vote to have the `totalWeight` correctly reflect the current system state and stop diluting rewards for all the alive Gauges.

## Impact

Loss of funds in the form of diluted rewards. Denial of Service (DoS) in the `Voter.poke()` function call.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/Voter.sol#L234-L235
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/Voter.sol#L265-L266

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

The governor should be able to call `poke()` on all tokenIds, even if a Gauge was paused or killed. Redesign the internal `_vote()` function to ignore values if `isAlive` is false:

```diff
        for (uint i = 0; i < _poolCnt; i++) {
+           address _pool = _poolVote[i];
+           address _gauge = gauges[_pool];
+           if (isAlive[_gauge]) _totalVoteWeight += _weights[i];
-           _totalVoteWeight += _weights[i];
        }

        for (uint i = 0; i < _poolCnt; i++) {
            address _pool = _poolVote[i];
            address _gauge = gauges[_pool];

            if (isGauge[_gauge]) {
+               if (!isAlive[_gauge]) continue;
-               require(isAlive[_gauge], "gauge already dead");
                uint256 _poolWeight = _weights[i] * _weight / _totalVoteWeight;
```
