Broad Cherry Viper

High

# OptionTokenV4 will be Dos

## Summary

If the `gauge` value is `address(0)`, the contract will be Dos

## Vulnerability Detail

When the `gauge` is not in `Voter.gauges`, `OptionTokenV4` will call `setGauge` to assign a value to `gauge`.  See the code comment for details:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/OptionTokenV4.sol#L418

However, since the `gauge` is not in `Voter.gauges`, calling `IVoter(voter).gauges(address(pair))` will return `address(0)`.

Additionally, `updateGauge` can be called by anyone. Therefore, if the gauge is not in `Voter.gauges`, the gauge might be zero, leading to a DOS (Denial of Service) attack on `OptionTokenV4`. Moreover, `Voter` cannot directly add new gauges to `gauges`; it can only add gauges created by the `gaugeFactor`. Thus, when the gauge address is not zero, it will not function as expected.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/OptionTokenV4.sol#L411-L416

Additionally, the impact here is high. If `OptionTokenV4` is DOSed, users will be unable to purchase `pair`'s LP tokens at a discount through the `discount` function. Furthermore, since the `exercise*` functions cannot be called properly, the current contract will also be unable to send reward tokens to the Gauge. Therefore, I believe this issue is high severity (H).

Consider the following scenario:

1. An OptionTokenV4's gauge is not in `Voter.gauges`, and the admin calls `setGauge` to set the gauge to a non-`address(0)` value.
2. A malicious user sees step 1 and calls `updateGauge`, setting the gauge to zero. The user then uses a bot to continuously monitor if the address is set back to normal by the admin. If the gauge is restored to normal, the bot immediately calls `updateGauge` again.



## Impact

OptionTokenV4 will be DOS or not operate as expected, causing users to lose rewards.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/OptionTokenV4.sol#L411-L416

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

`updateGauge` can only be called by the admin.

