Funny Merlot Yeti

High

# Attacker can grief users and nullify their voting power by transfering veNFTs to them

## Summary
A design issue of the VotingEscrow functions [_moveTokenDelegates](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1362) and [_moveAllDelegates](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1431) allows an attacker to duplicate veNFTs in some special cases and to mess up the current state of both the sender and the receiver. If the attacker performs two token transfers and triggers the `_moveTokenDelegates` more than once in the same block, the `_findWhatCheckpointToWrite` will return a wrong destination array, which will cause the duplication of some token ids/references and wrongly increasing the number of checkpoints.. The final state of the contract is inconsistent. Calling `getVotes` for both the source and the target of the transfer should return 0, and hence this can be used to grief other users and nullify their voting power.

## Vulnerability Detail

Let's follow this scenario:
Alice owns tokens `a` and `b`
Bob owns token `c`
Alice performs two transactions calling the `transferFrom` function, which would in turn call the `_moveTokenDelegates` function.

Initial state:
=========
```solidity
numCheckpoints[Alice]  = 1
_checkpoints[Alice][0].tokenIds = [a, b]   

numCheckpoints[Bob] = 1
_checkpoints[Bob][0].tokenIds = [c]
```
First call of `_moveTokenDelegates`:

```solidity
_moveTokenDelegates(Alice, Bob, a)
srcRepNum = 1 // number of checkpoints for Alice
uint[] storage srcRepOld = _checkpoints[Alice][0].tokenIds
nextSrcRepNum = 1
uint[] storage srcRepNew = _checkpoints[Alice][1].tokenIds
// copy everything except token a
for each tId in srcRepOld
if (tId != a)
    srcRepNew.push(tId)
numCheckpoints[Alice]++
```
So far, everything is correct. `nextSrcRepNum` was calculated using the `_findWhatCheckpointToWrite` function, which does the following:
  - checks current block timestamp
  - checks current number of checkpoints of user
  - if no. of checkpoints > 0 and the timestamp of the last checkpoint == `block.timestamp`,  return the number of the last checkpoint (`_nCheckpoints - 1`). Otherwise, return the number of a new checkpoint (`_nCheckpoints`)

Similar logic happens for the destination copy:
```solidity
dstRepNum = 1 // number of checkpoints for Bob
dstRepOld = _checkpoints[Bob][0].tokenIds
nextDstRepNum = 1 // calculated in the same way as the first
dstRepNew = _checkpoints[Bob][1].tokenIds
for each tId in dstRepOld
  dstRepNew.push(tId)
dstRepNew.push(a)
numCheckpoints[Bob]++
```
Everything is also correct for the destination part. A new checkpoint is created, where all the tokens of Bob are copied, and then the received token `a` is added. The new state is the following:

```solidity
numCheckpoints[Alice]  = 2
_checkpoints[Alice][0].tokenIds = [a, b]   
_checkpoints[Alice][1].tokenIds = [b] // latest state

numCheckpoints[Bob] = 2
_checkpoints[Bob][0].tokenIds = [c]
_checkpoints[Bob][0].tokenIds = [a, c] // latest state
```

Now let's assume that in the same block, a second transaction happens, where Alice sends token `b` to Bob

Second `_moveTokenDelegates` call:
```solidity
_moveTokenDelegates(Alice, Bob, b)
srcRepNum = 2 // number of checkpoints for Alice
uint[] storage srcRepOld = _checkpoints[Alice][1].tokenIds
nextSrcRepNum = 1 // function
uint[] storage srcRepNew = _checkpoints[Alice][1].tokenIds
// copy everything except token b
for each tId in srcRepOld
if (tId != a)
    srcRepNew.push(tId)
numCheckpoints[Alice]++
```
For this second iteration, the function `_findWhatCheckpointToWrite` goes on this branch:
```solidity
if (
    _nCheckPoints > 0 &&
    checkpoints[account][_nCheckPoints - 1].timestamp == _timestamp
) {
    return _nCheckPoints - 1; // in this case, 2 -1 = 1
} 
```
The copy function will do nothing, as the if prevents copying the token that is to be transferred, but since it's the same checkpoint, it will stay there.
numCheckpoints is wrongly incremented in this scenario, as a new checkpoint has not been created.

Looking at the destination part:
```solidity
dstRepNum = 2 // number of checkpoints for Bob
dstRepOld = _checkpoints[Bob][1].tokenIds
nextDstRepNum = 1 
dstRepNew = _checkpoints[Bob][1].tokenIds
for each tId in dstRepOld
  dstRepNew.push(tId)
dstRepNew.push(a)
numCheckpoints[Bob]++
```
The copy function will simply duplicate every token reference and then add the new token id. The number of checkpoints is also wrongly inwhicremented.

Final state:
```solidity
numCheckpoints[Alice] = 3
_checkpoints[Alice][0].tokenIds = [a, b]   
_checkpoints[Alice][1].tokenIds = [b] // latest state
numCheckpoints[Bob] = 3
_checkpoints[Bob][0].tokenIds = [c]
_checkpoints[Bob][0].tokenIds = [a, c, a, c, b] // latest state
```

Issues with the final state:
Token 'b' is now referenced by both Bob and Alice. 
Tokens 'a' and 'c' are referenced twice by Bob.
The number of checkpoints is incorrect.

Looking at [how the `getVotes` function works](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1297), the list of tokens of a user is always extracted from checkpoint number `nCheckpoints-1`
In our case, for the final state, `getVotes(Bob)` would look at `_checkpoints[Bob][2].tokenIds`, which would be an empty array. 

The current state of both Bob and Alice is inconsistent because the value of the last checkpoint's timestamp would default to 0. The state would be fixed when a new token is sent to the account.

## Impact
Due to incorrectly increasing the checkpoints, the `VotingEscrow.sol::getVotes` function will not find any veNFTs to compute the number of votes:
`uint[] storage _tokenIds = checkpoints[account][nCheckpoints - 1].tokenIds;` will point to an empty array for both the source and the target.

The `VotingEscrow.sol::getPastVotes` function, provided the timestamp of the double-transaction block, would return the list of duplicated veNFTs of Bob, which is 2x-1 times larger than it should be


## Code Snippet
N/A
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Create checks for the following items:
- Explicitly verify that `srcRepNew` does not contain the transferred token
- Explicitly verify that the size `dstRepNew` only increases by 1
- Do not allow multiple checkpoints in the same block, as this will affect the output of the `getPastVotesIndex`