Fast Hazelnut Horse

High

# Inflated voting balance due to duplicated `veBVM` within a checkpoint

## Summary

A checkpoint can contain duplicated `veBVMs` (tokenIDs) under certain circumstances leading to double counting of voting balance. Malicious users could exploit this vulnerability to inflate the voting balance of their accounts.

## Vulnerability Detail

We highly suggest you read issue 5.2.2 of the Velodrome Finance report by Speartbit - https://solodit.xyz/issues/inflated-voting-balance-due-to-duplicated-venfts-within-a-checkpoint-spearbit-none-velodrome-finance-pdf

The report mentions the issue in the context of the `block.number` being the same in the same block. But, it is also valid in this case as `block.timestamp` is also the same within the same block.

Firstly, note that the  `_findWhatCheckpointToWrite` function does not always return the index of a new checkpoint. It will return the last checkpoint if it has already been written once within the same block because of same `block.timestamp` :

```solidity
function _findWhatCheckpointToWrite(address account)
    internal
    view
    returns (uint32)
{
    uint _timestamp = block.timestamp;
    uint32 _nCheckPoints = numCheckpoints[account];

    if (
        _nCheckPoints > 0 &&
        checkpoints[account][_nCheckPoints - 1].timestamp == _timestamp
    ) {
        return _nCheckPoints - 1;
    } else {
        return _nCheckPoints;
    }
}
```

If someone triggers the _moveTokenDelegates more than once within the same block (e.g. perform NFT transfer twice to the same person), the `_findWhatCheckpointToWrite` function will return a new checkpoint in the first

transfer but will return the last/previous checkpoint in the second transfer. This is problematic. The same example that was mentioned in the Spearbit report can be used here:

First Transfer at Block **1000**

Assume the following states:

```solidity
numCheckpoints[Alice] = 1

_checkpoints[Alice][0].tokenIds = [n1, n2] <== Most recent checkpoint

numCheckpoints[Bob] = 1

_checkpoints[Bob][0].tokenIds = [n3] <== Most recent checkpoint
```

To move tokenID n2 from Alice to Bob, the `_moveTokenDelegates(Alice, Bob, n2)` function will be triggered. The `_findWhatCheckpointToWrite` will return the index of 1 which points to a new array.

The end states of the first transfer will be as follows:

```solidity
numCheckpoints[Alice] = 2
_checkpoints[Alice][0].tokenIds = [n1, n2]
_checkpoints[Alice][1].tokenIds = [n1] <== Most recent checkpoint

numCheckpoints[Bob] = 2
_checkpoints[Bob][0].tokenIds = [n3]
_checkpoints[Bob][1].tokenIds = [n2, n3] <== Most recent checkpoint
```

This happens as expected. But when there is another transfer of another token within the same block, NFTs get duplicated.

Second Transfer at Block **1000** (same block, same timestamp):

To move tokenID n1 from Alice to Bob, the `_moveTokenDelegates(Alice, Bob, n1)` function will be triggered. This time round since the last checkpoint block is the same as the current block, the `_findWhatCheckpointToWrite` function will return the last checkpoint instead of a new checkpoint. The `srcRepNew` and `dstRepNew` will end up referencing the old checkpoint instead of a new checkpoint. As such, the `srcRepNew` and `dstRepNew` array will reference back to the old checkpoint `_checkpoints[Alice][1].tokenIds` and `_checkpoints[Bob][1].tokenIds` respectively, instead of `_checkpoints[Alice][2].tokenIds` and `checkpoints[Bob][2].tokenIds`.

The end state of the second transfer will be as follows:

```solidity
numCheckpoints[Alice] = 3
_checkpoints[Alice][0].tokenIds = [n1, n2]
_checkpoints[Alice][1].tokenIds = [n1] <== Most recent checkpoint

numCheckpoints[Bob] = 3
_checkpoints[Bob][0].tokenIds = [n3]
_checkpoints[Bob][1].tokenIds = [n2, n3, n2, n3, n1] <== Most recent checkpoint
```

As can be seen, n1 exists in both the checkpoints and n2, n3 are duplicated in Bob’s checkpoints.

## Impact

Since the token IDs within the checkpoint will be used to determine the voting power, the voting power will be inflated in this case as there will be a double count of certain NFTs.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter-NishithPat/blob/9aef376313ac3d154bf93cba633c7ae33e7e562f/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1362

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter-NishithPat/blob/9aef376313ac3d154bf93cba633c7ae33e7e562f/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1431

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Update the move token delegate logic within the affected functions (VotingEscrow._moveTokenDelegates and VotingEscrow._moveAllDelegates) to ensure that the latest checkpoint is overwritten correctly when the functions are triggered more than once within a single block.

Also, look at the fixes for the Velodrome audit: https://github.com/velodrome-finance/contracts/commit/a670bfb62c69fe38ac918b734a03b68a5505f8a2