Fast Black Eel

High

# Inflated voting balance due to duplicated veNFTs within a checkpoint

## Summary
A checkpoint can contain duplicated veNFTs (tokenIDs) under certain circumstances leading to double counting
of voting balance. Malicious users could exploit this vulnerability to inflate the voting balance of their accounts and
participate in governance and gauge weight voting, potentially causing loss of assets or rewards for other users if
the inflated voting balance is used in a malicious manner
## Vulnerability Detail
The existing logic works fine as long as a new empty array (srcRepNew OR dstRepNew) is created every single
time. The code relies on the `_findWhatCheckpointToWrite` function to return the index of a new checkpoint.
```solidity
function _moveTokenDelegates(
       //...//
                uint32 nextSrcRepNum = _findWhatCheckpointToWrite(srcRep);
                uint[] storage srcRepNew = checkpoints[srcRep][
                    nextSrcRepNum
                ].tokenIds;
                // All the same except _tokenId
                for (uint i = 0; i < srcRepOld.length; i++) {
                    uint tId = srcRepOld[i];
                    if (tId != _tokenId) {
                        srcRepNew.push(tId);
                    }
                }
```
However, the problem is that the `_findWhatCheckpointToWrite` function does not always return the index of a new
checkpoint . It will return the last checkpoint if it has already been written once within the same timestamp.
```solidity
 function _findWhatCheckpointToWrite(address account)
        internal
        view
        returns (uint32)
    {
        uint _timestamp = block.timestamp;
        uint32 _nCheckPoints = numCheckpoints[account];

        if (
            _nCheckPoints > 0 &&
            checkpoints[account][_nCheckPoints - 1].timestamp == _timestamp
        ) {
            return _nCheckPoints - 1;
        } else {
            return _nCheckPoints;
        }
    }
```
If someone triggers the `_moveTokenDelegates` more than once within the same timestamp (e.g. perform NFT transfer
twice to the same person), the `_findWhatCheckpointToWrite` function will return a new checkpoint in the first
transfer but will return the last/previous checkpoint in the second transfer. This will cause the move token delegate
logic to be off during the second transfer.

On 2nd transfer since the last checkpoint timestamp is the same as the current timestamp, the `_findWhatCheckpointToWrite`
function will return the last checkpoint instead of a new checkpoint.
The `srcRepNew` and `dstRepNew` will end up referencing the old checkpoint instead of a new checkpoint. As such,
the `srcRepNew` and `dstRepNew` array will reference back to the old checkpoint.

Since the token IDs within the checkpoint will be used to determine the voting power, the voting power will be
inflated in this case as there will be a double count of certain NFTs.
## Impact
Malicious users could exploit this vulnerability to inflate the voting balance of their accounts and
participate in governance and gauge weight voting, potentially causing loss of assets or rewards for other users if
the inflated voting balance is used in a malicious manner.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1413-L429
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Update the move token delegate logic within the affected functions (VotingEscrow._moveTok-
enDelegates and VotingEscrow._moveAllDelegates) to ensure that the latest checkpoint is overwritten correctly
when the functions are triggered more than once within same timestamp
