Wonderful Rosewood Pheasant

Medium

# Inconsistent between `balanceOfNFT`, `balanceOfNFTAt` and `_balanceOfNFT` functions

## Summary
The implementation of flash-loan protection within the Velocimeter protocol's `VotingEscrow` contract. Specifically, while the `balanceOfNFT` function includes a flash-loan protection mechanism to return zero voting balance if `ownership_change[_tokenId] == block.number`, this protection is not consistently applied to the `balanceOfNFTAt` and `_balanceOfNFT` functions.

## Vulnerability Detail
The [balanceOfNFT](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1031-L1034) function implements a flash-loan protection that returns zero voting balance if `ownership_change[_tokenId] == block.number`. However, this was not consistently applied to the [balanceOfNFTAt](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1036-L1038) and [_balanceOfNFT](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1017-L1029) functions.
```solidity
   function balanceOfNFT(uint256 _tokenId) external view returns (uint256) {
        if (ownership_change[_tokenId] == block.number) return 0;
        return _balanceOfNFT(_tokenId, block.timestamp);
   }
```
As a result, Velocimeter or external protocols calling the `balanceOfNFT` and `balanceOfNFTAt` external functions will receive different voting balances for the same veNFT depending on which function they called.

Additionally, the internal `_balanceOfNFT` function, which does not have flash-loan protection, is called by the [VotingEscrow.getVotes](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1292-L1304)  and [VotingEscrow.getPastVotes](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1337-L1352) functions to compute the voting balance of an account. These functions appear not to be used in any in-scope contracts, however, they might be utilized by some external protocols or off-chain components to tally the votes. If that is the case, a malicious user could flash-loan the veNFTs to inflate the voting balance of their account.

## Impact
The inconsistent application of flash-loan protection could lead to discrepancies in voting balances reported by different functions. This inconsistency opens up a potential vulnerability where malicious actors could manipulate voting outcomes by flash-loaning veNFTs, thereby undermining the integrity of the voting process.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1036-L1038

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1017-L1029

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
If the requirement is to have all newly transferred veNFTs `(ownership_change[_tokenId] == block.number)` have zero voting balance to prevent someone from flash-loaning veNFT to increase their voting balance, the flash-loan protection should be consistently implemented across all the related functions.
