Digital Daisy Skunk

Medium

# Unauthorized Emit Of Withdraw

## Summary
The Voter contract allows any user to emit a Withdraw event with any arbitrary amount, leading to potential issues with logging and accounting.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the Voter contract, the `emitWithdraw` function allows anyone to trigger a Withdraw event with any amount they choose. This function lacks the necessary access controls to ensure only authorized entities can emit such events. As a result, it opens up the possibility for faulty logging and accounting.

Additionally, when comparing this to the `emitDeposit` function, there is a noticeable discrepancy. The `emitDeposit` function includes access control checks to ensure the caller is a gauge and is alive. These checks are absent in the `emitWithdraw` function, making it susceptible to misuse.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/Voter.sol#L449-L451

## Impact
Allowing anyone to emit a Withdraw event with any amount can lead to:
- Inaccurate event logs, which could mislead users and developers.
- Faulty accounting, as the events do not accurately represent real transactions or states within the system.
- Potential abuse, where malicious actors could emit misleading Withdraw events to confuse the system or stakeholders.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
function emitWithdraw(uint tokenId, address account, uint amount) external {
    emit Withdraw(account, msg.sender, tokenId, amount);
}

function emitDeposit(uint tokenId, address account, uint amount) external {
    require(isGauge[msg.sender]);
    require(isAlive[msg.sender]);
    emit Deposit(account, msg.sender, tokenId, amount);
}
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement access control mechanisms in the `emitWithdraw` function similar to those in the `emitDeposit` function. Ensure that only authorized entities can trigger the Withdraw event to maintain accurate logging and accounting.

```diff
function emitWithdraw(uint tokenId, address account, uint amount) external {
+	require(isGauge[msg.sender]);
+   require(isAlive[msg.sender]);
    emit Withdraw(account, msg.sender, tokenId, amount);
}
```
