Docile Midnight Osprey

High

# GuageV4 doesn't properly integrate/distribute oTokens

## Summary

GaugeV4 will not distribute oToken as rewards even if the pair has an oToken that has been added to the gauge. 

## Vulnerability Detail

GaugeV4 is expected to have external oToken support, meaning unlike a regular Gauge, GaugeV4 should be able to distribute oToken rewards(besides oFlow) to stakers i.e. pair BOB/USDC  with oToken (oBOB), oBOB would be distributed to stakers in place of BOB.
It's worth noting that oTokens are not deposited directly into the Gauge to be distributed as rewards, but are instead minted and distributed in place of their underlying token as is the case with FLOW -> oFLOW. However the `GaugeV4::getReward()` function does not have any functionality to distribute oTokens(besides oFLOW) to stakers, so even if a pair has an oToken that has been added to the gauge via `GaugeV4::addOToken()` function, the underlying token still gets distributed.
Based on current implementation it appears there's no further use case for oTokens besides adding them to the gauge.

## Impact

High, primary GaugeV4 functionality is it's support for external oTokens.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/GaugeV4.sol#L281-L289

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Each oToken should be mapped to their underlying token.

```solidity
contract GaugeV4 is IGauge {
  
  mapping(address => address) public OToken;

  function addOToken(address _oToken, address _paymentToken) external {
    require(msg.sender == gaugeFactory, "not gauge factory");
    require(isReward[_paymentToken]);
    OToken[_paymentToken] = _oToken;

    emit OTokenAdded(_oToken);
  }

  function getReward(address account, address[] memory tokens) external lock {

    //...

    if (_reward > 0) {
      address oToken = OToken[tokens[i]];
      if (oToken != address(0) && oToken.code.length != 0) {
          try IOptionToken(oToken).mint(account, _reward){} catch {
              _safeTransfer(tokens[i], account, _reward);
          }
      } else {
          _safeTransfer(tokens[i], account, _reward);
      }
    }
    //...
  }
}
```

the same mapping should be used for FLOW -> oFLow.
