Witty Marmalade Owl

High

# The mechanism of using oFlow as the reward token in GaugeV4 may be bypassed, and users may directly receive Flow tokens from GaugeV4

## Summary
In GaugeV4, the option token (oFlow) is used as a reward token. According to the system design, users cannot directly obtain flow tokens. Oflow holders can obtain flow tokens by paying a discounted `paymentToken`, but there is a potential hidden vulnerability in the system that allows users to immediately obtain 1:1 ratio flow tokens in GaugeV4.
 
## Vulnerability Detail
This is a potential risk. In the GaugeFactoryV4 contract, a new Gauge code snippet is created as follows:
```solidity
function createGauge(address _pool, address _external_bribe, address _ve, bool isPair, address[] memory allowedRewards) external returns (address) {
    last_gauge = address(new GaugeV4(_pool, _external_bribe, _ve, msg.sender, oFlow, address(this), isPair, allowedRewards));
    if (oFlow != address(0)) {
        IAccessControl(oFlow).grantRole(MINTER_ROLE, last_gauge);
    }
    return last_gauge;
}
```
Please note that:
```solidity
if (oFlow != address(0)) {
    IAccessControl(oFlow).grantRole(MINTER_ROLE, last_gauge);
}
```
If the `oFlow` address of the GaugeFactoryV4 contract has not been set, the newly created Gauge does not have the `MINTER_ROLE` permission of the oFlow contract. Therefore, using this Gauge to claim rewards will not allow the minting of oFlow. Please note the following code snippet in the `getReward` function of the GaugeV4 contract:
```solidity
if (tokens[i] == flow && oFlow != address(0) && oFlow.code.length != 0
    try IOptionToken(oFlow).mint(account, _reward){} catch {
        _safeTransfer(tokens[i], account, _reward);
    }
}
```
After the oFlow minting fails, the execution will continue to the catch block of code `_safeTransfer(tokens[i], account, _reward);`, which directly transfers an amount of flow tokens to the user.
 
Please note the contract deployment sequence steps when the system contract is launched:
1. First deploy the Voter contract, GuageV4, GaugeFactoryV4, and other contracts. Detailed deployment script: script/Deployment.s.sol
2. Then deploy the oFlow contract again, with the detailed deployment script located at: script/OFlowDeployment.s.sol
 
Malicious users can secretly call the `createGauge` function of the `Voter`  contract to create GaugeV4 in advance before oFlow is deployed. These GaugeV4 will not have the `MINTER_ROLE`  permission of oFlow contract.
 
Certainly, there are methods to circumvent this vulnerability. Once the admin becomes aware of the vulnerability, the Velocimeter team's multi-signature wallet can manually assign the oFlow's `MINTER_ROLE` permission to the GaugeV4 contract.
 
Will the velocimeter team manually check the `MINTER_ROLE`  permissions for each GaugeV4? This has not been disclosed in any known issues, nor described in any documents or code, so I believe this is a valid finding.
 
## Impact
Users may bypass the oFlow reward token mechanism and directly obtain flow tokens in GaugeV4 at a 1:1 ratio, which is equivalent to purchasing flow tokens at a 0% discount.
 
 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/GaugeV4.sol#L283-L285
 
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/factories/GaugeFactoryV4.sol#L22-L24
 
## Tool used
Manual Review
 
## Recommendation
Optimize the getReward function in the GaugeV4 contract
 

```solidity

-    try IOptionToken(oFlow).mint(account, _reward){} catch {
-        _safeTransfer(tokens[i], account, _reward);
-    }
+    IOptionToken(oFlow).mint(account, _reward);

```
