Cheesy Gunmetal Baboon

Medium

# when a gauge is killed, the weight of the pool of the gauge is not updated to 0.

## Summary
One pool can have only one gauge. Gauge can be killed. If the gauge is killed, then the pool's gauge address is updated to 0.  So now  another new  gauge can be created with this pool.here the bug is when a gauge is killed, all variables are updated properly but the weight of the pool of the gauge is not updated to 0. So when a new  gauge is created with this pool, the new gauge’s claimable share will be calculated based on previous gauge(killed gauge) weight + current gauge weight which is unfair. When a new epoch comes , previous weight (killed gauge weights) will not be reduced from the pool if the previous wright's tokenids does not vote for this pool.

## root cause
when a gauge is killed, all variables are updated properly but the weight of the pool of the gauge is not updated to 0

## internal pre-conditions 
After killing a gauge totaly in an epoch, tokenids owners call the vote function without this killed gauge’s pool address before calling reset function with the tokenid.


## Vulnerability Detail
1. Let’s assume, a pool(pool1) has a gauge and the pool1’s weights 500(i.e weights[_pool] = 500) in an epoch. Here tokenid1 weight is 250, tokenid2 weight is 250.

2. Now the gauge is killed totally in this epoch. All state variables are updated properly for the gauge but the pool’s weight( weights[_pool]) is not updated to 0.

3. Afterthat, function vote is called with tokenid1 and tokenid2 with different pools other than pool1 because pool1’s gauge is not alive(there is a statement in _vote function that is   require(isAlive[_gauge], "gauge already dead");). The _vote function also calls _reset function where poolVote addresses for those tokenid’s are set to 0 before updating with new pool addresses .So now pool1 address does not exist in poolVote mapping for tokenid1 and tokenid2.

4. Again , a gauge is created with this pool1. Here tokenid3 and  tokenid4, each gives 250 weight to the pool1 respectively. Pool1’s previous weight 500 and current weight 500, so now pool1’s total weight(weights[_pool]) is 1000.

5. When  function _updateFor is called for this new gauge,  claimable share for this gauge is calculated based on pool1’s 1000 weight which is unfair , share should be calculated based on current 500 weight.if tokenid1 and tokenid2 owner does not vote for this pool again, then those 500 weight will not be updated to 0. Those 500 weights always exist for this pool.


## Impact
 when a new  gauge is created with this pool, the new gauge’s claimable share will be calculated based on previous gauge(killed gauge) weight + current gauge weight which is unfair. When a new epoch comes , previous weight (killed gauge weights) will not be reduced from the pool if the previous wright's tokenids does not vote for this pool.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/Voter.sol#L407
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
When a gauge is killed, update  the weight of the pool of the gauge to 0.
