Real Velvet Terrier

Medium

# `deposit_For` function in `VotingEscrow.sol` accepts NFTs of all types including locked and managed

## Summary
The `deposit_For` function in the `VotingEscrow.sol` contract incorrectly accepts `NFTs` of all types (normal, locked, and managed) without proper restrictions. This oversight allows unauthorized modifications to locked and managed NFTs, potentially disrupting the intended voting power mechanics and reward distribution system.


## Vulnerability Detail
The `deposit_for` function is designed to allow users to deposit additional tokens for a given `NFT`, increasing its locked amount and potentially its voting power. However, the function lacks proper checks to differentiate between `normal`, `locked`, and `managed` NFTs:

```js
   function deposit_for(uint _tokenId, uint _value) external nonreentrant {
        LockedBalance memory _locked = locked[_tokenId];

        require(_value > 0); // dev: need non-zero value
        require(_locked.amount > 0, 'No existing lock found');
        require(_locked.end > block.timestamp, 'Cannot add to expired lock. Withdraw');
        _deposit_for(_tokenId, _value, 0, _locked, DepositType.DEPOSIT_FOR_TYPE);
    }
```

According to the current design of the protocol, anyone can call `deposit_For` against a `normal NFT`, no one should be able to call `deposit_For` against a `locked NFT` and finally only `RewardsDistributorV2.claim` function is allowed to call `deposit_For` function against a `managed NFT` for processing rebase rewards.

The vulnerability stems from the following issues:

1. No check is performed to verify if the NFT is locked or managed.
2. The function allows anyone to call it for any existing NFT, regardless of its type.
3. For locked NFTs, this could lead to an increase in voting power, which should not be possible.
4. For managed NFTs, this bypasses the intended mechanism where only `RewardsDistributorV2.claim` should modify their balance.

But `deposit_For` function was found to accept NFT of all types (normal, locked, managed) without any restriction.

## Impact
The ability to modify managed NFTs directly breaks the protocol's design, where only the `RewardsDistributorV2` should handle these operations. Moreover,  users can increase the voting power of locked NFTs, which should not participate in voting. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L826-L833

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add a type check for NFTs in the `deposit_for` function:
```js
function deposit_for(uint _tokenId, uint _value) external nonreentrant {
    LockedBalance memory _locked = locked[_tokenId];
    require(_locked.amount > 0, 'No existing lock found');
    require(_locked.end > block.timestamp, 'Cannot add to expired lock. Withdraw');
    
    // Add type check
    require(nftType[_tokenId] == NFTType.NORMAL, "Can only deposit for normal NFTs");
    
    require(_value > 0); // dev: need non-zero value
    _deposit_for(_tokenId, _value, 0, _locked, DepositType.DEPOSIT_FOR_TYPE);
}
```
