Gorgeous Snowy Skunk

Medium

# Manipulation of voting balance by duplicating veNFTs IDs in a checkpoint within same timestamp.

## Summary

When delegating within the same timestamp, there is a possibility to manipulate the voting balance by duplicating veNFT token IDs in a checkpoint.

## Vulnerability Detail

> [!IMPORTANT]  
> The issue is based on the assumption that the `_findWhatCheckpointToWrite()` function is working as intended, and `checkpoints[][].timestamp` is initialized correctly during its creation.

Checkpoints used to calculate voting balance can contain duplicated IDs of veNFTs. 

This is due to how a checkpoint index is selected in the `_findWhatCheckpointToWrite()` function and used in the `_moveTokenDelegates()` and `_moveAllDelegates()` functions.

If the checkpoint update is performed within the same timestamp for the same user, the selected checkpoint index should be the one from the previous update, based on the following check:

```solidity
if (
    _nCheckPoints > 0 &&
    checkpoints[account][_nCheckPoints - 1].timestamp == _timestamp
) {
    return _nCheckPoints - 1;
}
```

The issue arises from using the returned index to select an already populated array of token IDs, adding elements to this array, and populating on top of it. Instead, the array should be built from scratch, incorporating both the previous elements and the new ones.

Consider this situation: Alice has 3 veNFTs [1, 2, 3] and Bob has none. Alice performs a transferFrom() operation of tokens 1 and 2 in the same timestamp (same block):

1. Alice transferFrom() veNFT with id=1 at timestamp = X:

* Contract state before:
    ```solidity
    numCheckpoints[Alice] = 1
    _checkpoints[Alice][0].tokenIds = [1, 2, 3]

    numCheckpoints[Bob] = 0
    _checkpoints[Bob][0].tokenIds = []
    ```
* Contract state after:
    ```solidity
    numCheckpoints[Alice] = 2
    _checkpoints[Alice][0].tokenIds = [1, 2, 3]
    _checkpoints[Alice][1].tokenIds = [2, 3]

    numCheckpoints[Bob] = 1
    _checkpoints[Bob][0].tokenIds = [1]
    ```

2. Alice transferFrom() veNFT with id=2 at timestamp = X:

* Contract state before:
    ```solidity
    numCheckpoints[Alice] = 2
    _checkpoints[Alice][0].tokenIds = [1, 2, 3]
    _checkpoints[Alice][1].tokenIds = [2, 3]

    numCheckpoints[Bob] = 1
    _checkpoints[Bob][0].tokenIds = [1]
    ```
* Contract state after:
    ```solidity
    numCheckpoints[Alice] = 3
    _checkpoints[Alice][0].tokenIds = [1, 2, 3]
    _checkpoints[Alice][1].tokenIds = [2, 3, 3]

    numCheckpoints[Bob] = 2
    _checkpoints[Bob][0].tokenIds = [1, 1, 2]
    ```

Please note that in the current implementation, this issue is not present due to an error related to the uninitialized timestamp of any checkpoint. The `_findWhatCheckpointToWrite()` function is working incorrectly, always returning the next index. However, when this function is fixed, it will result in the `_moveTokenDelegates()` and `_moveAllDelegates()` functions being broken, making duplication of IDs possible.

## Impact

Manipulation of governance decisions.

The contract invariants and storage data is broken, as `_checkpoints` will contain duplicated token IDs and the numCheckpoints value will not reflect the actual number of user `_checkpoints`.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1421-L1425

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1373-L1376
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1393-L1396

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1443-L1446
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1463-L1466

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Update the `_moveTokenDelegates()` and `_moveAllDelegates()` functions to correctly override the checkpoint when called more than once within the same timestamp. There can only be one checkpoint per timestamp for a user. Ensure that these invariants are maintained:

- `_checkpoints` contains unique token IDs across all users' current checkpoints.
- `numCheckpoints` is only incremented when a new checkpoint for a user is created, and not when it is overridden.
