Gorgeous Snowy Skunk

Medium

# An attacker can perform a Denial of Service (DoS) attack on a user by delegating tokens up to `MAX_DELEGATES = 1024` on EVM chains with a low block gas limit.

## Summary

Any user can be a delegator up to the `MAX_DELEGATES` limit of 1024. To perform a `create_lock()`, `transferFrom()`, or `withdraw()` function calls on VotingEscrow, a check needs to be performed on an array with 1024 elements. 

It is estimated that a user with 1024 token delegations will need to use around 23M gas. This is problematic on chains like Optimism, which has a current block limit of 15M gas.

## Vulnerability Detail

Any user can delegate their veNFT to another user without any problem. However, if a user has too many delegated tokens on an EVM chain with a low gas block limit, they will be unable to perform any action on their tokens (`create_lock()`, `transferFrom()`, `withdraw()`). As this state will be permanent, it leads to a loss of funds due to prolonged DoS.

## Impact

Loss of funds due to a DoS attack, that are inside veNFT and cannot be withdrawn.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1266
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1398-L1401
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1468-L1471

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Introduce an option to opt-out of the delegation mechanism, allowing users to block any incoming token delegations. Additionally, adjust the `MAX_DELEGATES` limit for each EVM chain deployment.
