Scruffy Sand Osprey

High

# DOS attack by delegating tokens at MAX_DELEGATES = 1024

## Summary
In VotingEscrow contract, the `MAX_DELEGATES` limit is set to 1024. This amount of delegates takes 25M gas to be processed,. However if the contracts are deployed on EVM chains having less than 25M gas block limit , Especially Optimism which has only 15M gas limit. There will be denial of service in system's core operations especially during token transfer/withdrawal when there are 1024 delegated votes on a token.
Any user can give their locked NFT balance to someone else using the "delegate" function. But in the "VotingEscrow" contract, there's a rule called MAX_DELEGATES. It stops any address from having too many tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail
In `moveTokensDelegates`
```solidity
L1498::  require( dstRepOld.length + 1 <= MAX_DELEGATES, "dstRep would have too many tokenIds" );
```
In `moveAllDelegates`
```solidity
L1468::  require( dstRepOld.length + ownerTokenCount <= MAX_DELEGATES, "dstRep would have too many tokenIds" );
```
This rule helps stop attacks that could slow down or stop the contract.
Right now, if a user has 1024 delegated tokens, it takes about 25 million gas to move, burn, or make new tokens.
But the gas limit on some target chains might be less than 25M gas , Most importanly one of the optimism chain which is only 15 million.
Also, it's cheaper to give tokens from an address with fewer tokens to one with more.
This sets up a problem. An attacker could make a new address, lock tokens, and give them to someone else and cause DoS to them for spending their tokens. 
This could result in Increased gas costs for token transfer/withdrawal when there are 1024 delegated votes on a token.
Potential denial of service (DoS) attack on victims, preventing them from withdrawing/transferring/delegating.

## Impact
Permanent freezing of NFTs
Griefing (e.g. no profit motive for an attacker, but damage to the users or the protocol)

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1266

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Adjust the MAX_DELEGATES=1024to 128;
2. Give an option for users to opt-out/opt-in. Users will only accept the delegated tokens if they opt-in; or users
can opt-out to refuse any uncommissioned delegated token