Cold Vermilion Mockingbird

High

# Wrong implement move token of veBVM within a checkpoint

## Summary

_findWhatCheckpointToWrite function check block.timestamp and return checkpoint count as different, but Under certain conditions, a checkpoint may include duplicated veBVMs (tokenIDs), resulting in the double counting of voting balances. This vulnerability could be exploited by malicious users to artificially boost the voting power of their accounts, thereby influencing governance and gauge weight voting. Such actions could potentially lead to asset or reward losses for other users if the inflated voting balance is used for malicious purposes, such as diverting rewards to gauges where the attackers have an **interest.**

## Vulnerability Detail
In the `VotingEscrow.sol` file, there is a `_findWhatCheckpointToWrite` function.

```solidity
function _findWhatCheckpointToWrite(address account)
    internal
    view
    returns (uint32)
{
    uint _timestamp = block.timestamp;
    uint32 _nCheckPoints = numCheckpoints[account];

    if (
        _nCheckPoints > 0 &&
>>        checkpoints[account][_nCheckPoints - 1].timestamp == _timestamp
    ) {
        return _nCheckPoints - 1;
    } else {
        return _nCheckPoints;
    }
}
```
`_findWhatCheckpointToWrite`  functions issue affects `VotingEscrow._moveTokenDelegates` and `VotingEscrow._moveAllDelegates` functions.

If someone triggers the _moveTokenDelegates more than once within the same block (e.g. perform NFT transfer twice to the same person), the _findWhatCheckpointToWrite function will return a new checkpoint in the first transfer but will return the last/previous checkpoint in the second transfer. This will cause the move token delegate logic to be off during the second transfer.

**First Transfer at Block 1**
Assume the following states:
```solidity
numCheckpoints[A] = 1
_checkpoints[A][0].tokenIds = [n1, n2] <== Most recent checkpoint

numCheckpoints[B] = 1
_checkpoints[B][0].tokenIds = [n3] <== Most recent checkpoint
```
To move tokenID=2 from Alice to Bob, the _moveTokenDelegates(Alice, Bob, n2) function will be triggered. The _findWhatCheckpointToWrite will return the index of 1 which points to a new array.
The end states of the first transfer will be as follows:
```solidity
numCheckpoints[A] = 2
_checkpoints[A][0].tokenIds = [n1, n2]
_checkpoints[A][1].tokenIds = [n1] <== Most recent checkpoint

numCheckpoints[B] = 2
_checkpoints[B][0].tokenIds = [n3]
_checkpoints[B][1].tokenIds = [n2, n3] <== Most recent checkpoint
```
Everything is working fine at this point in time.

**Second Transfer at Block 1 (same block)**
To move tokenID=1 from A to B, the _moveTokenDelegates(A, B, n1) function will be triggered.
This time round since the last checkpoint block is the same as the current block, the _findWhatCheckpointToWrite function will return the last checkpoint instead of a new checkpoint.
The srcRepNew and dstRepNew will end up referencing the old checkpoint instead of a new checkpoint. As such, the srcRepNew and dstRepNew array will reference back to the old checkpoint _checkpoints[A][1].tokenIds and _checkpoints[B][1].tokenIds respectively.
The end state of the second transfer will be as follows:
```solidity
numCheckpoints[A] = 3
_checkpoints[A][0].tokenIds = [n1, n2]
_checkpoints[A][1].tokenIds = [n1] <== Most recent checkpoint

numCheckpoints[B] = 3
_checkpoints[B][0].tokenIds = [n3]
_checkpoints[B][1].tokenIds = [n2, n3, n2, n3, n1] <== Most recent checkpoint
```

## Impact
Since the token IDs within the checkpoint will be used to determine the voting power, the voting power will be inflated in this case as there will be a double count of certain NFTs.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1423

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Update the move token delegate logic within the affected functions (VotingEscrow._moveTokenDelegates and VotingEscrow._moveAllDelegates) to ensure that the latest checkpoint is overwritten correctly when the functions are triggered more than once within a single block.
