Trendy Emerald Tadpole

High

# User can increase voting power by transferring veNFTs within the same block

## Summary

This issue was first reported by Spearbit, see [Velodrome Spearbit Audit](https://solodit.xyz/issues/inflated-voting-balance-due-to-duplicated-venfts-within-a-checkpoint-spearbit-none-velodrome-finance-pdf).

User can inflate their voting power by transferring veNFTs within the same block.

## Vulnerability Detail

When a veNFT is transferred `_moveTokenDelegates()` is called to store the new balances in a checkpoint:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L315-L331

It will retrieve a new checkpoint and copy the NFT ids into the new checkpoint. For the sender, it will copy all the NFT ids expect the one that was transferred. For the recipient it will copy all the existing NFT ids and add the one that was transferred:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1362-L1411

To get a checkpoint, it calls `_findWhatCheckpointToWrite()`:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1413-L1429

That function will return a new checkpoint *unless* there's a checkpoint with the same block number. Then it will return the existing one.

Because the `_moveTokenDelegates()` function doesn't clear the checkpoint before adding the old tokens, you're able to duplicate your tokens by transferring a veNFT to the same address twice. See the Spearbit audit for a detailed step by step explanation.

## Impact
Inflated voting balance that can be used to direct rewards and thus increase user's own APY.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
`_moveTokenDelegates()` should clear the values inside an existing checkpoint.
