Modern Snowy Kestrel

High

# `MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY` is wrong for stable pairs

## Summary
The `MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY` (10e3) value is too small for stable pairs, leading to rounding errors for the first depositor. This can result in a denial of service (DoS) for the entire pool.

## Vulnerability Detail
The invariant `k` of a stable pool is calculated as follows:
```solidity
function _k(uint256 x, uint256 y) internal view returns (uint256) {
  if (stable) {
    uint256 _x = (x * 1e18) / decimals0;
    uint256 _y = (y * 1e18) / decimals1;
    uint256 _a = (_x * _y) / 1e18; // @audit here it can round down
    uint256 _b = ((_x * _x) / 1e18 + (_y * _y) / 1e18); 
    return (_a * _b) / 1e18; // x3y+y3x >= k
  } else {
    return x * y; // xy >= k
  }
}
```
If `x * y < 1e18`, the value of `_a = (x * y) / 1e18` results in zero due to rounding errors. This can cause the invariant `k` of stable pools to be zero, allowing a trader to exploit the pool and steal any remaining funds. 

A first liquidity provider can exploit this by:
1. Minting a small amount of liquidity to the pool.
2. Stealing whatever remains in the pool.
3. Repeating steps 1 and 2 until the total supply overflows.

To prevent this issue, the pool's reserves should never be too small. While the `mint` function borrowed from UniswapV2 has a minimum liquidity check of `sqrt(a * b) > MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY`, this is insufficient to protect the invariant formula of stable pools.

## Impact
Denial of service (DoS) for the stable pair pool due to insufficient protection against rounding errors and possible stealing of remaining funds.

## Code Snippet
[_k calculation with the rounding issue for stable pairs](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/Pair.sol#L407)

## Tool Used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Ensure that the invariant `k` is always larger than `MINIMUM_K` (at least 10e9) to prevent rounding errors.