Innocent Pastel Panther

Medium

# The MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY value at the Pair contract is not enough to defend against early inflation attacks

# Title
## Summary
The minimum_liquidity constant as 1e3 at the Pair contract is too small to protect against the early inflation attack vector.
## Vulnerability Detail
The mint function at the Pair contract has a specific execution logic to follow if the totalSupply is zero during a mint call. This totalSupply-specific context happens during a Pair's first deposit; and the dead shares mechanism implemented by the protocol is the standard practice to avoid early inflation attacks related to all sorts of vaults:
```solidity
function mint(address to) external lock returns (uint liquidity) {
	...
	if (_totalSupply == 0) {
            liquidity = Math.sqrt(_amount0 * _amount1) - MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY;
            _mint(address(0), MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY); // permanently lock the first MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY tokens
        }
    ...
}
```

The issue with the current implementation is at the MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY constant. Currently, it is valued 1e3 and this value is not enough to ensure users are protected from the early inflation attack vector.

### Proof of concept
Consider the scenario in which Alice is the first to call mint on a Pair contract that holds tokenA and tokenB. 
tokenA and tokenB both have 18 decimals.

She calls mint with 2001 units of tokenA and tokenB. 
Now Alice owns 1001 shares and 1000 shares have been minted to address zero.

Alice then proceeds to donate (by direct transfer) 1 million units of both tokens to the pair contract. 1 million here should be read as 1e6 * 1e18.
After that, Alice transfers exactly 1 share to the Pair contract and calls burn. Alice will receive approximately 1/2001 * 1e24 units of each token. For the sake of simplicity we will consider Alice still owns 1k shares and the Pair holds 1e24 token units for both tokens.

Bob deposits 900 units of both tokens on the pair:
```solidity
liquidity = Math.min(_amount0 * _totalSupply / _reserve0, _amount1 * _totalSupply / _reserve1);
```
According to the calculation, Bob will receive:
```solidity
liquidity = Math.min(900 * 2000 / 1e6, 900 * 2000 / 1e6);
```
This results in approximately 1.8. Since solidity rounds divisions down for integers/unsigned integers, Bob will receive 1 share.

This, of course, is incorrect and means Bob has lost approximately 400 units of tokenA and tokenB.
## Impact
The early inflation attack vector is possible at the Pair contract as the current MINIMUM_LIQUIDITY constant is too small to fully protect users.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/6381892/v4-contracts/contracts/Pair.sol#L31

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make sure to utilize a bigger constant for MINIMUM AMOUNT of dead shares. 1e3 does make the inflation harder to execute but still enables edge cases. 1e6 is a safer value for the constant as it makes this vector harder to be executed.