Fast Hazelnut Horse

High

# First liquidity provider of a stable pair can DOS the pool.

Summary
First liquidity provider of a stable pair can DOS the pool due to a rounding error when the invariant k is calculated.

Vulnerability Detail
It is observed that this vulnerability and a bunch of other vulnerabilities found  in the Spearbit audit of Velodrome, have not been fixed in this codebase. We suggest you to go through issue `5.2.6` - https://solodit.xyz/issues/first-liquidity-provider-of-a-stable-pair-can-dos-the-pool-spearbit-none-velodrome-finance-pdf 

The function `_k` (which is the invariant that must always hold true) in the Pair contract is defined as follows:

```solildity
function _k(uint x, uint y) internal view returns (uint) {
    if (stable) {
        uint _x = x * 1e18 / decimals0;
        uint _y = y * 1e18 / decimals1;
        uint _a = (_x * _y) / 1e18;
        uint _b = ((_x * _x) / 1e18 + (_y * _y) / 1e18);
        return _a * _b / 1e18;  // x3y+y3x >= k
    } else {
        return x * y; // xy >= k
    }
}
```

The value of `_a = (x * y ) / 1e18 = 0` due to rounding error when `xy < 1e18`.  The rounding error can lead to the invariant k of stable pools to equal zero, and then a malicious attacker can use this to DOS the pool.

The first liquidity provider can DOS the pair by: 
   
1 . Mint a small amount of liquidity to the pool, such that  `( xy ) / 1e18 = 0 `
2. Steal (performing a set of swap transactions) whatever is left in the pool 
3. Repeat step 1, and step 2 until the `totalSupply` variable of the Pair contract overflows, hence permanently dossing the pool.

This can be explained with the help of an example:

Consider a new pool for tokenA and tokenB (both stable coins): 

1. A malicious user transfers 1000 tokenA and 1000 tokenB (This could be any amount as long as their multiplication is less than 1e18, so that _k becomes 0) and mints 1000 LP tokens.

2. Then the user transfers 1 tokenA, and swaps 999 tokens of tokenB out of the pool. This in normal circumstances will not happen. But, since _`k` is 0. The condition in line 329 becomes true as (0 ≥ 0) :
`require(_k(_balance0, _balance1) >= _k(_reserve0, _reserve1), 'K');`
The pool now has 1001 tokens of tokenA, and 1 tokenB.

3. The user then transfers 1 token B and then swaps out 1000 tokenAs. This is allowed to happen because `k = 0`. The pool now has 1 tokenA and 2 tokenBs.

4. This means that the user has gotten back almost all his liquidity which he initially deposited, without any reduction in his LP tokens. His LP position is still the same.

5. The user can repeat this many times without any real cost to him. Since, repeating this only increases the LP tokens, the `totalSupply` will reach max of `uint256`, and any more attempts to mint LP tokens will result in an overflow and hence revert. Hence, the pool is lo no longer usable.

Note, that the LP tokens always increase in value here. In the above steps, nowhere a burn function is called which is the only way to reduce the LP tokens. Since, there is only ever an increment in the supply of LP tokens, the variable tracking its supply will overflow and hence preventing any other users from adding liquidity.

For better understanding, we recommend you go through the POC in the issue linked above. The attack starts by depositing `10_000_000` of both tokens initially into the pool in the POC, makes it simpler to carry the attack.

Impact
Permanent DOS of the pool/pair.
Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter-NishithPat/blob/9aef376313ac3d154bf93cba633c7ae33e7e562f/v4-contracts/contracts/Pair.sol#L403-L413

Tool used
Manual Review

Recommendation
Ensure that the invariant `_k` is always bigger than a certain `MINIMUM_K` to prevent this issue.

Also, look at the fixes for the Velodrome audit: https://github.com/velodrome-finance/contracts/commit/59f9c135ccf7685af81f021918c879b21c2c5f04