Magnificent Teal Capybara

Medium

# Call to ```max_lock``` within ```_isApprovedOrOwner``` extends lock time to MAXTIME with every user interaction unnecessarily.

## Summary
Auto re-locking to MAXTIME is a new property introduced by the protocol. However, user will need to wait 52 weeks minimum to withdraw their funds after they disable this property.
## Vulnerability Detail
```max_lock``` is a function that re-locks NFT to MAXTIME which is 52 weeks. It is placed in ```_isApprovedOrOwner``` which is a hook called in every user interaction to validate ownership or approval of msg.sender to a particular NFT id. Therefore, when the property is enabled by the ```enable_max_lock``` function, the locked time is set to 52 weeks. Also, anyone can call ```max_lock_bulk()``` to increase the lock time of all max lock enabled NFTs in the protocol to 52 weeks. 
The issue arises when the user wants to withdraw the funds. ```_isApprovedOrOwner``` is called in the ```withdraw``` function so they need to disable the max_lock by calling ```disable_max_lock``` . It also has a call to ```_isApprovedOrOwner``` and the lock time is extended to 52 weeks. Therefore, user needs to wait at least 52 weeks to withdraw their funds. 
## Impact
User can't withdraw funds for at least 52 weeks when they enable max_lock property of the protocol and changes his/her mind. 
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L295-L304
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Remove  ```max_lock``` from ```_isApprovedOrOwner```  and place in certain functions that does not affect withdrawal. 