Innocent Pastel Panther

Medium

# disable_max_lock may allow users to remove locks of other users

## Summary
If the last lock holder opts to disable his/her lock by calling the disable_max_lock function, the lock positioned at last lock index + 1 will be removeable by this person.
## Vulnerability Detail
The disable_max_lock function removes a lock from the max_locked_nfts array and changes the maxLockIdToIndex mapping value of the tokenId to zero.

The issue in its logic lies on an edge case.

If we call this function for the tokenId that holds the last id of the max_locked_nfts array, the max_locked_nfts mapping ends up with an assigned value to the tokenId storage slot.

Lets take a step by step look into how this is possible.
1. Alice locks its tokenId by calling enable_max_lock. The tokenId gets pushed to the max_locked_nfts array at position 9  and the maxLockIdToIndex mapping index for that tokenId is (for the sake of example) 10.
2. Alice calls disable_max_lock right away.
a. Initially the code sets the maxLockIdToIndex of the tokenId to 0.
```solidity
uint index =  maxLockIdToIndex[_tokenId] - 1;
maxLockIdToIndex[_tokenId] = 0;
```
Index is 9.
b. Then max_locked_nfts at index 9 becomes equal to max_locked_nfts at index 9; the length is 10 as the array has not been popped yet:
```solidity
max_locked_nfts[index] = max_locked_nfts[max_locked_nfts.length - 1];
```

Notice that the array has not been manipulated yet, as consequence the assigned value is the same.
c. Then the maxLockIdToIndex mapping value for the tokenId at index 9 is set to index +1 (10). The reason for that is the max_locked_nfts at index 9 is holding Alice's tokenId:
```solidity
maxLockIdToIndex[max_locked_nfts[index]] = index + 1;
```
d. Alice's tokenId is popped from the max_locked_nfts, with an assigned maxLockIdToIndex mapping value of 10.
## Impact
Alice is able to disable somebody else's max_lock, as her maxLockIdToIndex mapping value still holds an index even though the lock was removed.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L893

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make sure to handle the edge case of the last index being removed at the disable_max_lock function.
An option to fix the issue, would be to add an if statement at the end of the function so that the maxLockIdToIndex mapping only assigns an index to a tokenId if it is not equal to the tokenId called as argument:
```solidity
function disable_max_lock(uint _tokenId) external {
        assert(_isApprovedOrOwner(msg.sender, _tokenId));
        require(maxLockIdToIndex[_tokenId] != 0,"disabled");


        uint index =  maxLockIdToIndex[_tokenId] - 1;
        maxLockIdToIndex[_tokenId] = 0;

         // Move the last element into the place to delete
        max_locked_nfts[index] = max_locked_nfts[max_locked_nfts.length - 1];
        
        // update the index if max_locked_nfts[index] != _tokenId
        if (max_locked_nfts[index] != _tokenId){
	        maxLockIdToIndex[max_locked_nfts[index]] = index + 1;
	    }
        
        // Remove the last element
        max_locked_nfts.pop();
    }
```
