Virtual Satin Wolf

Medium

# 0xlookman - `votingEscrow::max_lock` can prevent a user's locked balance from unlocking when `Max_Lock` is Enabled.

0xlookman

medium

## Summary
When Max_Lock is enabled, a malicious user can prevent a user's funds from being unlocked by calling `votingEscrow::max_lock` and `votingEscrow::_isApprovedOrOwnwer` functions. `votingEscrow::max_lock` increments the unlock time of an amount to the `MAXTIME` which is 52 weeks or a year. Calling these function refreshes this max lock time and this can be done by anyone.

## Vulnerability Details
Any body can call `votingEscrow::max_lock` function on any token id regardless he is the token owner or not. When a token's owner wants to maxmumly lock his amount, he can enable this by calling `votingEscrow::enable_max_lock` function and then calling `votingEscrow::max_lock`. 

```Solidity
function max_lock(uint _tokenId) public {
        if(maxLockIdToIndex[_tokenId] !=0 && max_lock_enabled) {
            LockedBalance memory _locked = locked[_tokenId];
            uint unlock_time = (block.timestamp + MAXTIME) / WEEK * WEEK; // Locktime is rounded down to weeks

            if(unlock_time > _locked.end) {
                require(_locked.end > block.timestamp, 'Lock expired');
                require(_locked.amount > 0, 'Nothing is locked');
                require(unlock_time <= block.timestamp + MAXTIME, 'Voting lock can be 52 weeks max');

                _deposit_for(_tokenId, 0, unlock_time, _locked, DepositType.INCREASE_UNLOCK_TIME);
            }
        }
    }

```
This increases the unlock time time to the maximum of a full year but does not call `votingEscrow::disable_max_lock` automatically leaving the token id vulunerable since any one can call the `votingEscrow::max_lock` function again when sometime has elapsed or may call `votingEscrow::_isApprovedOrOwnwer` which automatically calls `votingEscrow::max_lock`. This renews the unlock time making it impossible for the user to withdraw his amount.

Here is the Scenario:
- Bob has locked his tokens in `votingEscrow` contract and has got his token id.
- Bob wants to maximumly lock his amount on January 1st so that he could be able to withdraw by December 31st at the end of the year. So he calls `votingEscrow::enable_max_lock` function to enable this followed by `votingEscrow::max_lock` to implement it.
- A malicious user sees this or someone wants to know if Bob really owns this token during the middle June of that year. The malicious user can call  `votingEscrow::max_lock` or the curious user may call `votingEscrow::isApprovedOrOwnwer`. This will refresh the unlock time and extend it to June the following year.
- Bob won't be able to withdraw his token as intended on Decemeber 31st due to the malicious or curious user.

## Impact
 Users won't be able to withdraw their tokens in the intended time period.

## code snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L912

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider calling `votingEscrow::disable_max_lock` automatically at the end of `votingEscrow::max_lock` or ensuring that only the owner or approved user is supposed to call votingEscrow::max_lock on a given token.

Also consider removing the call to `votingEscrow::max_lock` in `votingEscrow::isApprovedOrOwnwer`.
