Agreeable Shadow Parakeet

Medium

# Operational disruption caused by access control error in `_burn` function

## Summary
The vulnerability in the VotingEscrow contract is due to an access control flaw in the _burn function that improperly handles permission resetting, requiring broader permissions than necessary. This bug disrupts operations such as token merges and withdrawals, as transactions initiated by users who are only authorised for specific token IDs (and not globally) are unexpectedly reversed. On the mainnet, this could lead to operational disruptions, preventing users from consolidating voting power or accessing their funds after the lockout period, thereby undermining user trust and contract functionality. Such issues could have a significant impact on user engagement and the overall reliability of the platform.
## Vulnerability Detail
```solidity
src/VotingEscrow.sol:
function _burn(uint256 _tokenId) internal {
..SNIP..
       // Clear approval
       approve(address(0), _tokenId);
```
In `VotingEscrow.sol` contract there are several functions that allow to check whether the `msg.sender` is approved for the given token ID, is an operator of the owner or is the owner of the token by using the `_isApprovedOrOwner` function.

```solidity
    function merge(uint _from, uint _to) external {
    ..SNIP..
        require(_isApprovedOrOwner(msg.sender, _from));
        require(_isApprovedOrOwner(msg.sender, _to));

    function withdraw(uint _tokenId) external nonreentrant {
        assert(_isApprovedOrOwner(msg.sender, _tokenId));
        ..SNIP..
```
`merge` and `withdraw` the `_burn` function is used.

The `_burn` function within the VotingEscrow contract is designed to remove tokens from circulation by clearing approvals and performing other state updates. However, due to the way access control is implemented, only the token owner or an entity approved for all user tokens can successfully execute this function without causing a revert. This is because the function internally calls `approve(address(0), _tokenId)`, which checks for broader permissions than those granted to entities approved for a single token.

Consider a scenario where a user has received specific approval for token ID 456 to facilitate a token merge or withdrawal. Under the current implementation, if this user attempts to initiate these actions, the transaction will revert during the _burn call due to the internal `approve` function not recognizing their limited approval as sufficient.
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L258-L260
## Impact
This results in operational disruptions for users who are legitimately authorized to perform `merge` and `withdraw` that rely on `_burn`. They may encounter transaction reverts, leading to inability to merge tokens for voting power consolidation or management.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L537-L549
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1195-L1210
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L955-L979
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
 Modify the internal logic of the _burn function to handle cases where the caller is only approved for the specific token ID being burned. This could involve bypassing the approval reset or adjusting the approval check to recognize and allow this scenario.