Macho Pine Lemur

Medium

# DOS Attack by Delegating Tokens at `MAX_DELEGATES = 1024`

## Summary

DOS attack by block gas grieving due to block gas limit reaching for some of the EVM compatible chains.

## Vulnerability Detail

Any user can delegate the balance of the locked vote escrow NFT token amount to anyone by calling `delegate()`. As the delegated tokens are maintained in an array that's vulnerable to DOS attack, 
the VotingEscrow contract has a safety check of `MAX_DELEGATES = 1024` preventing an address from having a huge array. 

```Solidity
    uint public constant MAX_DELEGATES = 1024; // avoid too much gas
```

Given the current implementation, any user with 1024 delegated tokens takes more than 20M gas to transfer/delegate/burn/mint a token as shown in PoC. It will consume a lot of gas as it uses functions like `_moveTokenDelegates()` and `_moveAllDelegates()`, which are vulnerable to DoS attack when the `MAX_DELEGATES` limit is reached for delegated tokens. 
However, the current gas limit of some of the EVM-compatible chains (Optimism, Polygon) is 30M. As the Velocimeter protocol is aimed to be deployed at other EVM-compatible chains rather than IOTA-EVM, this issue becomes significant. (IOTA-EVM with its high gas limit capacity doesn't have this issue)

The Functions(`_moveTokenDelegates()` and `_moveAllDelegates()`) from VotingEscrow are called in the preceding functions, which makes them vulnerable to DoS.

* delegate()
* safeTransferFrom()
* transferFrom()
* merge()
* withdraw()

As we can see in a PoC for a single withdrawal tx, it is very expensive for a user as it costs more than 20M gas for a victim.

The current cost of the tx for around 20M gas is relatively high. This cost will be even higher when block space is in high demand as a base fee will increase and also users are willing to offer extra to get a place for their tx in block space.

Tool to find real-time gas cost for 20M gas cost: 
https://www.cryptoneur.xyz/en/gas-fees-calculator?usedGas=20000000&txnType=Custom&gasPrice=instant

Also, it will be difficult for a user to get a space in a block space when their tx is consuming almost a gas limit of a block (30M). 
User's txs will get rejected by a validator as it's not providing any incentive (apart from tx cost) for a validator to include their tx in a block during high demand of a block space.

If someone is trying to attack a victim's address by creating a new address, a new lock, and delegating to the victim. By the time the attacker hit the gas limit, the victim can not withdraw/transfer/delegate transaction in a high demand of a block space.

## Proof of Concept

You can add this test to `VotingEscrow.t.sol` with this modification inside the `foundry.toml`:

```Solidity
gas_limit = "18446744073709551615"
```

```Solidity
    function testDelegateLimitAttack() public {

        deal(address(flowDaiPair), address(this), 100 ether);
        deal(address(FLOW), address(this), 100 ether);
        flowDaiPair.approve(address(escrow), type(uint256).max);

        uint tokenId = escrow.create_lock(TOKEN_1, 7 days);
        for(uint256 i = 0; i < escrow.MAX_DELEGATES() - 1; i++) {
            vm.roll(block.number + 1);
            vm.warp(block.timestamp + 2);
            address fakeAccount = address(uint160(420 + i));
            deal(address(flowDaiPair), fakeAccount, 1 ether);
            vm.startPrank(fakeAccount);
            flowDaiPair.approve(address(escrow), type(uint256).max);
            escrow.create_lock(1 ether, MAXTIME);
            escrow.delegate(address(this));
            vm.stopPrank();
        }
        vm.roll(block.number + 1);
        vm.warp(block.timestamp + 7 days);

        uint initialGas = gasleft();
        escrow.withdraw(tokenId);
        uint gasUsed = initialGas - gasleft();
        // @audit: setting 20_000_000 to demonstrate the issue. 2~3M gas limit would be a safer range.
        assertGt(gasUsed, 20_000_000);
    }
```

Output Test:

```Markdown
Ran 1 test for test/VotingEscrow.t.sol:VotingEscrowTest
[PASS] testDelegateLimitAttack() (gas: 12565927076)
Logs:
  Gas used is:  23677222

Suite result: ok. 1 passed; 0 failed; 0 skipped; finished in 2.93s (2.92s CPU time)

Ran 1 test suite in 2.93s (2.93s CPU time): 1 tests passed, 0 failed, 0 skipped (1 total tests)
```

As it is clear from the test above, the gas used is more than 20M which is near the block gas limit for some of the EVM-compatible chains (30M).

## Impact

Due to the mentioned attack, multiple users won't be able to withdraw their tokens in the same block space as there is a gas limit of 30M on some of the EVM-compatible chains (Optimism, Polygon) for a transaction. 
Users' txs could land when there is less traffic on the chain, but an attacker could do block stuffing for just 5-6 million gas for the same block to grieve the user's `withdraw()` transaction.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1266

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

1. Adjust the `MAX_DELEGATES = 1024` to `128`
2. Give an option for users to opt-out/opt-in. Users will only accept the delegated tokens if they opt-in; or users can opt-out to refuse any un-commissioned delegated tokens.
