Wonderful Coconut Corgi

High

# Denial of Service Vulnerability in VotingEscrow Contract Due to Excessive Gas Consumption

## Summary
The VotingEscrow contract is vulnerable to Denial of Service (DOS) attacks due to excessive gas consumption associated with token delegation. The MAX_DELEGATES parameter is set to 1024, leading to gas usage that exceeds the limits of certain blockchain networks, such as Optimism. This can result in operational disruptions and the permanent freezing of Tokens.

## Vulnerability Detail
- The VotingEscrow contract allows users to delegate their locked TokenId balance to others via the delegate function. 
- This function impacts how delegated tokens are managed within the contract. 
- The MAX_DELEGATES parameter, set to 1024, is intended to prevent the array of delegated tokens from becoming too large. 
- However, managing 1024 delegates requires between 23M to 25M gas for operations such as transfers, burns, or mints. - This gas requirement exceeds the current gas limits on some EVM chains, notably Optimism, which has a gas limit of 15M.([Refer](https://arc.net/l/quote/nrsuuses)).
- Additionally, It is cheaper to delegate tokens from an address with a shorter token list to one with a longer token list. An attacker can exploit this by creating new addresses, locking tokens, and delegating them to a victim’s address. (See POC for more details).

## Impact
- As a result on chains with the less gas limit such as Optimism, users will be denied of key functionalities such as transferring, withdrawing, or delegating tokens. 
- This can happen naturally when someone is trying to capture maximum vote power, or some motivated malicious users may grief someone by exploiting this.
- Note : Since anyone can do this intentionally to harm someone else at low cost and protocol is designing the contract for all EVM chains; likely hood of this happening becomes very high and combining with impact of DOS for key operations; i think high severity is appropriate here.

## Code Snippet
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1266
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1399
- https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1469

## POC
- Place the test in the `VotingEscrow.t.sol` file of the test suite and run it using the command: "forge test --mt testMaxDelegateDOS -vvv"

```solidity

function testMaxDelegateDOS() public {

        flowDaiPair.approve(address(escrow), TOKEN_1);
        uint tokenId = escrow.create_lock(TOKEN_1, 1 weeks);

        for(uint256 i = 0; i < escrow.MAX_DELEGATES() - 1; i++) {
            vm.roll(block.number + 1);
            vm.warp(block.timestamp + 1);
            address delegator = address(0x123);
            flowDaiPair.transfer(delegator, 1 wei);
            vm.startPrank(delegator);
            flowDaiPair.approve(address(escrow), 1 wei);
            escrow.create_lock(1 wei, 1 weeks);
            escrow.delegate(address(this));
            vm.stopPrank();
        }

        vm.roll(block.number + 1);
        vm.warp(block.timestamp + 7 days);

        uint initialGas = gasleft();

        escrow.withdraw(tokenId);
        uint gasUsed = initialGas - gasleft();

        assertGt(gasUsed, 15_00_000);
        console.log("Gas Used : ",gasUsed);
    }


```

## Tool used
Manual Review and foundry

## Recommendation
- Reduce the limit of `MAX_DELEGATES ` form 1024 to 128.
