Atomic Citron Fly

Medium

# DOS attack by delegating tokens at MAX_DELEGATES = 1024

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1266
## Summary
Even though the code will be deployed in Iota, it is expected to be deployed on other EVM-compatible networks, exposing a potential DoS vulnerability. In the VotingEscrow contract, users can delegate locked NFT balances to any address, maintained in an array with a maximum length of `1024 (MAX_DELEGATES)`. This limit can be exploited by attackers to create a DoS condition by reaching the gas limit on operations like transfer, burn, or mint of a token, as seen on networks like Optimism and Linea, thus preventing crucial operations.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the VotingEscrow contract, users can delegate the balance of their locked NFTs to any address by calling the delegate function. The delegated tokens are maintained in an array, which is susceptible to a Denial of Service (DoS) attack due to the array's maximum length limitation, defined as MAX_DELEGATES = 1024. which could cause issues in other evm compatible chains.

```javascript
    uint public constant MAX_DELEGATES = 1024; // avoid too much gas
```

The VotingEscrow contract includes a safety check to prevent an address from accumulating a large array of delegated tokens. However, this limitation creates a potential vulnerability. Specifically, if a user has 1024 delegated tokens, operations such as transfer, burn, or mint of a token require approximately 23 million gas. This gas consumption exceeds the current gas limit of the Optimism (Op) chain, which is 15 million gas (referenced from Op-scan).

description

With MAX_DELEGATES = 1024, transferring or withdrawing a token can consume around 23 million gas, surpassing the Op chain's gas limit of 15 million.
Cheaper Delegation from Shorter List: Delegating from an address with a shorter token list to an address with a longer token list is cheaper. An attacker can exploit this by creating new addresses, locking tokens, and delegating to the victim's address, thereby hitting the gas limit and preventing the victim from performing crucial operations like withdraw, transfer, or further delegation.
Additionally, the issue is present in the Linea chain, where the current gas limit is 57,950,000. While higher than Op chain, it still represents a significant risk.

## Impact
users  will be prevented from performing critical operations such as transferring, withdrawing, or further delegating tokens. This occurs because reaching the delegate array's maximum length can cause gas consumption to exceed the gas limits of various EVM-compatible networks, such as Optimism and Linea. 
## Code Snippet
```javascript
uint public constant MAX_DELEGATES = 1024; // avoid too much gas
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Rework the delegation mechanism to use static balances instead of dynamic arrays. By using static balances, the operations would no longer depend on the length of the delegated token array, thus eliminating the gas limit issue and preventing the potential for a DoS attack.
