Itchy Snowy Millipede

Medium

# Griefing an account from getting votes delegated to it

## Vulnerability Detail
Assume there's three addresse's (Bob,Alex and Maya). Maya got `1e18` of `bpt tokens` which she locked in `VotingEscrow` contract and received a tokenId of the created `veALCX`. Maya is hoping to delegate her votes to Alex now. But Bob is a malicious actor, He locks `0.0000001 ether of bpt` in the `VotingEscrow` contract 1024 times.Therefore bob recieves 1024 tokenId's for a total of `0.0001024 ether of bpt` locked. 

Now bob delegates his votes from each of his tokenId's to Alex,So alex got votes from 1024 tokenId's. So what bob have done here is a grief, If you look at line 1110 under ` _moveAllDelegates()` internal function. There's a require condition that checks the total number of delegates the destioation(dst) has and if its <= `MAX_DELEGATES` which is 1024.  So since bob delegated votes from 1024 tokenId's to Alex, When Maya tries to delegate votes from her tokenId that she received from locking `1e18`, The delegation will revert as the require statement fails. So this is how bob griefed Alex from getting votes delegated to him. Basically bob used his `0.0001024*10**18 bpt` total locked deposit to grief Alex, But bob can use any amount less than `0.0001024*10**18 bpt`,I just used that in the test. Ofcourse Alex would be able to delegate and clear out the unworthy votes sent by bob,But Bob can do the griefing again.

## Impact
A malicious actor can grief another address from getting votes delegated to it by maxing out the `MAX_DELEGATES` limit. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1266

## Tool used

Manual Review

## References
This report is inspired by the report from [Immunefi Alchemix Boost #30704](https://github.com/immunefi-team/Bounty_Boosts/blob/main/Alchemix/Report%2030704.md)