Gorgeous Snowy Skunk

Medium

# The `timestamp` variable of the `Checkpoint` struct is never initialized in `VotingEscrow.sol`.

## Summary

The `timestamp` variable of the `Checkpoint` struct is never initialized within the `VotingEscrow` contract, causing any function that relies on it to not work as intended.

## Vulnerability Detail

There are two functions that directly rely on the `timestamp` value of the `Checkpoint` struct, and a few that rely on it indirectly. Since the `timestamp` is never initialized, these functions are working incorrectly.

1. The `getPastVotesIndex()` function returns an incorrect checkpoint index as it will always return the latest index. The `(checkpoints[account][nCheckpoints - 1].timestamp <= timestamp)` check will always be true for any passed timestamp. This incorrect index is used by the `getPastVotes()` function, leading to the inability to correctly check a user's past vote balance for a given timestamp, as it will always return the vote balance for the latest checkpoint.

In addition, even if not for the first check, there is a problem within the binary search code. In the current system, there is a possibility of checkpoints existing with the same timestamp, which will lead to incorrect checkpoint selection.

```solidity
File: VotingEscrow.sol
1323:         while (upper > lower) {
1324:             uint32 center = upper - (upper - lower) / 2; // ceil, avoiding overflow
1325:             Checkpoint storage cp = checkpoints[account][center];
1326:             if (cp.timestamp == timestamp) { // <=== will not work as expected as there can be multiple checkpoints with same timestamp
1327:                 return center;
1328:             } else if (cp.timestamp < timestamp) {
1329:                 lower = center;
1330:             } else {
1331:                 upper = center - 1;
1332:             }
1333:         }
```

2. The internal `_findWhatCheckpointToWrite()` will always return a new checkpoint index, even when the function's intention is to return an old checkpoint index if the checkpoint timestamp is equal to `block.timestamp`.

## Impact

Functions that rely on the `timestamp` variable of the `Checkpoint` struct will not work as intended.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L45
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1312-L1314
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1423

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Initialize the `timestamp` variable of the `Checkpoint` struct when a new checkpoint is created.