Fast Black Eel

Medium

# The timestamp variable of a checkpoint is not initialized

## Summary
A checkpoint contains a `timestamp` variable which stores the timestamp the checkpoint is created.
```solidity
/// @notice A checkpoint for marking delegated tokenIds from a given timestamp
    struct Checkpoint {
        uint timestamp;
        uint[] tokenIds;
    }
```
However, it was found that the `timestamp` variable of a checkpoint was not initialized anywhere in the codebase.
Therefore, any function that relies on the `timestamp` of a checkpoint will break.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `VotingEscrow._findWhatCheckpointToWrite` and `VotingEscrow.getPastVotesIndex` functions were found
to rely on the `timestamp` variable of a checkpoint for computation. The following is a list of functions that calls
these two affected functions.
```solidity
_findWhatCheckpointToWrite -> _moveTokenDelegates -> _transferFrom
_findWhatCheckpointToWrite -> _moveTokenDelegates -> _mint
_findWhatCheckpointToWrite -> _moveTokenDelegates -> _burn
_findWhatCheckpointToWrite -> _moveAllDelegates -> _delegate 

getPastVotesIndex -> getPastVotes 
```

## Impact
* The `VotingEscrow._findWhatCheckpointToWrite` function verifies if the timestamp of the latest checkpoint of an
account is equal to the current timestamp. If true, the function will return the index number of the last checkpoint.
As such, this function does not work as intended and will always return the index of a new checkpoint.
* The `VotingEscrow.getPastVotesIndex` function relies on the timestamp of the latest checkpoint for optimization
purposes. If the request timestamp is the most recently updated checkpoint, it will return the latest index
immediately and skip the binary search. Since the `timestamp` variable is not populated, the optimization will not
work.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1413
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1306

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Initialize the `timestamp` variable of the checkpoint in the codebase.
