Fast Black Eel

Medium

# Inconsistent between balanceOfNFT, balanceOfNFTAt and _balanceOfNFT functions

## Summary
The `balanceOfNFT` function implements a flash-loan protection that returns zero voting balance if
`ownershipChange[_tokenId] == block.number`. However, this was not consistently applied to the `balanceOfNFTAt` and `_balanceOfNFT` functions.

## Vulnerability Detail
Velocimeter or external protocols calling the `balanceOfNFT` and `balanceOfNFTAt` external functions will
receive different voting balances for the same `veNFT` depending on which function they called.

Additionally, the internal `_balanceOfNFT` function, which does not have flash-loan protection, is called by the
`VotingEscrow.getVotes`, `VotingEscrow.getPastVotes`,`VotingEscrow.tokenURI` function to compute the voting balance of an account. these function might be utilized by some exter-
nal protocols or off-chain components to tally the votes. If that is the case, a malicious user could flash-loan the
veNFTs to inflate the voting balance of their account.
## Impact
* A malicious user could flash-loan the veNFTs to inflate the voting balance of their account.
* The attack can also  be used to alter tokenURI.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1017
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1036
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
If the requirement is to have all newly transferred veNFTs (`ownershipChange[_tokenId] ==
block.number`) have zero voting balance to prevent someone from flash-loaning veNFT to increase their voting
balance, the flash-loan protection should be consistently implemented across all the related functions.
