Trendy Emerald Tadpole

High

# RewardDistributorV2 can use outdated totalSupply in reward calculation

## Summary
The RewardDistributorV2 contract caches the VotingEscrow's total supply. It's used in the reward calculation. There's a possibility of the contract using an outdated total supply causing the reward calculation to be incorrect.

## Vulnerability Detail
The VE total supply is cached in `_checkpoint_total_supply()`:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L142-L163

It caches the total supply from the time of the last update until the current epoch.

Those values are used in the reward calculation here:

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L268

The issue arises when a user's VE balance changes at the epoch's boundaries. When an epoch is still active, i.e. `t == rounded_timestamp` the VotingEscrow's totalSupply can still change. But, the RewardDistributor will cache the value when `checkpoint_total_supply()` is called. That enables the following attack vector.

Given that block.timestamp is `t` where `t = end of epoch`:

1. Alice calls `checkpoint_total_supply()` to cache the VotingEscrow's total supply for the current epoch, e.g. 1e18
2. Alice increases her lock amount or creates a new lock with, for example, 2 times the current total supply. At this point, total supply is 3e18 while Alice's balance is 2e18.
3. Time passes and the rewards are distributed. Alice will receive `2e18 * X / 1e18` reward tokens because the contract uses the cached total supply for the calculation.

## Impact
Attacker can receive more reward tokens than they should.

## Code Snippet

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Change 

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L149-L152

to

```sol
            if (t >= rounded_timestamp) {
                break;
            }
```

so that it doesn't cache the total supply while epoch is still running.
