Delightful Lavender Goose

High

# Incorrect Rewards distribution due to cached supply.

## Summary
The RewardDistributor contract can be exploited to unfairly distribute rewards by manipulating the timing of token locks relative to the checkpointing of the total supply.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `RewardDistributorV2` contract distributes reward tokens to users who lock their tokens in the `VotingEscrow` contract. 

To optimize the calculation of past supply, the RewardDistributor caches the supply value in the `uint[1000000000000000] public ve_supply;` array. 

The RewardDistributor._checkpoint_total_supply function iterates from the last updated time until the latest epoch time, fetches the totalSupply from VotingEscrow, and stores it.

Assume the following scenario when a transaction is executed at the beginning of an epoch:

- Alice locks 100 tokens, and the token supply increases to 100.
- Bob calls the `_checkpoint_total_supply`. The RewardDistributor saves the totalSupply as 100.
- Bob locks 300 tokens, and the token supply increases to 400.
- After some time, Bob claims the reward.
The reward is calculated by `balance_of * tokens_per_week[week_cursor] / ve_supply[week_cursor];`  i.e, `totalReward * balance / supply`. 
However, due to the vulnerability, Bob gets reward = 3 instead of the expected reward = 3/4.

## Impact
This scenario allows a user to receive a disproportionately large share of the rewards by manipulating the timing of their lock relative to the checkpointing of the total supply. This can lead to unfair distribution of rewards and potential exploitation of the reward system.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L142
```solidity
    function _checkpoint_total_supply() internal {
        address ve = voting_escrow;
        uint t = time_cursor;
        uint rounded_timestamp = block.timestamp / WEEK * WEEK;
        IVotingEscrow(ve).checkpoint();

        for (uint i = 0; i < 20; i++) {
            if (t > rounded_timestamp) {
                break;
            } else {
                uint epoch = _find_timestamp_epoch(ve, t);
                IVotingEscrow.Point memory pt = IVotingEscrow(ve).point_history(epoch);
                int128 dt = 0;
                if (t > pt.ts) {
                    dt = int128(int256(t - pt.ts));
                }
@>>             ve_supply[t] = Math.max(uint(int256(pt.bias - pt.slope * dt)), 0);
            }
            t += WEEK;
        }
        time_cursor = t;
    }
```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is  recommended to not cache the totalSupply in `rewardDistributor` and fetching totalSupply from the `votingEscrow` every time is needed.