Itchy Snowy Millipede

Medium

# _checkpoint_total_supply() can checkpoint before a timestamp is complete

## Summary
The `_checkpoint_total_supply()` function is in the `RewardsDistributorV2` and is callable by anyone. The function has an incorrect comparison of `>` instead of `>=`, and this can lead to a checkpoint being recorded when a timestamp is not yet complete. This leads to mistakes in the internal accounting. In the worst case, a user can never successfully `claim()` again, which permanently freezes their `LP` tokens that have been deposited into `ve`.

## Vulnerability Detail
The implementation of `_checkpoint_total_supply()` is as follows:


```solidity
    function _checkpoint_total_supply() internal {
        address ve = voting_escrow;
        uint t = time_cursor;
        uint rounded_timestamp = block.timestamp / WEEK * WEEK;
        IVotingEscrow(ve).checkpoint();

        for (uint i = 0; i < 20; i++) {
            if (t > rounded_timestamp) {
                break;
            } else {
                uint epoch = _find_timestamp_epoch(ve, t);
                IVotingEscrow.Point memory pt = IVotingEscrow(ve).point_history(epoch);
                int128 dt = 0;
                if (t > pt.ts) {
                    dt = int128(int256(t - pt.ts));
                }
                ve_supply[t] = Math.max(uint(int256(pt.bias - pt.slope * dt)), 0);
            }
            t += WEEK;
        }
        time_cursor = t;
    }
}
```

Notice that whenever `ve_supply[t]` is assigned to a value, the `t += WEEK` increment happens immediately after, which permanently progresses the cursor so that `ve_supply[t]` will never be assigned to again. Also, notice that the `ve_supply[t]` assignment is only skipped if `t > rounded_timestamp`. This is incorrect. It should also be skipped if `t == rounded_timestamp`, otherwise this code can record the `Math.max(uint(int256(pt.bias - pt.slope * dt)), 0)` value before the timestamp itself is complete. This means the check should actually be: `if (t >= rounded_timestamp)`.

## Impact
In the scenario when `t == rounded_timestamp`, the code will incorrectly cache the `Math.max(uint(int256(pt.bias - pt.slope * dt)), 0)` of the current timestamp early. Any actions taken in `ve` after this (but on the same timestamp) will not be reflected in the `ve_supply[]` value. On the other hand, the `_claimable()` function will correctly account for these last-second actions in each individual `_tokenId`. As a result, it is possible for the `balance_of` value below to contain deposits that did not contribute to the `ve_supply[week_cursor]` value:
```solidity
if (balance_of != 0) {
   to_distribute += balance_of * tokens_per_week[week_cursor] / ve_supply[week_cursor];
}
```

In the worst-case scenario, the first user of `VotingEscrow` can end up in a situation where `ve_supply[week_cursor] == 0` and `balance_of > 0`. In this case, the `claim()` function will revert due to a division by zero, and it will permanently fail to progress past the broken week.

Since the `withdraw()` function in the `ve` contract has the following code:

```soldidity
IRewardsDistributorV2(distributor).claim(_tokenId, false);
```

it will always revert on this line (Actually in VE contract there is another bug where VE lacks of claim reward action when withdrawing, supposing that the VE contract implementing correct mechanesim of withdraw function), and users will be in a state where they are permanently unable to withdraw their `LP` tokens. 

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L149

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider changing from > to >= 
`if (t >= rounded_timestamp)`

## References:
This report is inspired by the report from [Immunefi Alchemix Boost #31076](https://github.com/immunefi-team/Bounty_Boosts/blob/main/Alchemix/Report%2031076.md)