Gorgeous Snowy Skunk

High

# Malicious users can extend other users' deposit locks in `GaugeV4` by calling `OptionTokenV4.exerciseLp()` on them with minimal oToken values and the maximum discount.

## Summary

Users will be unable to withdraw locked tokens from the `GaugeV4` contract if a malicious user repeatedly extends the lock periods of other users' deposits.

## Vulnerability Details

Preconditions:
- `OptionTokenV4` allows for calling `exerciseLp()` (`isExerciseLpPaused == false`).
- Some users have exercised their oTokens to LP and now have a positive balance in the `balanceWithLock` mapping.
- Locks have not yet expired.

Besides the preconditions, this vulnerability arises due to two factors:

1. The `GaugeV4.depositWithLock()` function can be called by the oToken contract:

```solidity
File: GaugeV4.sol
443:     function depositWithLock(address account, uint256 amount, uint256 _lockDuration) external lock {
444:         require(msg.sender == account || isOToken[msg.sender],"Not allowed to deposit with lock");
```

2. The `OptionTokenV4.exerciseLp()` function can be called by anyone with the `_recipient` argument pointing to any user:

```solidity
File: OptionTokenV4.sol
305:     function exerciseLp(
306:         uint256 _amount,
307:         uint256 _maxPaymentAmount,
308:         address _recipient,
309:         uint256 _discount,
310:         uint256 _deadline
311:     ) external returns (uint256, uint256) {
312:         if (block.timestamp > _deadline) revert OptionToken_PastDeadline();
313:         return _exerciseLp(_amount, _maxPaymentAmount, _recipient, _discount);
314:     }
```

Consider this scenario:

1. Alice exercises a large amount of oTokens, creating a deposit lock for herself in the Gauge. A significant amount of value is locked.
2. Bob decides to start griefing Alice and other users by calling `exerciseLp()` on them with minimal oToken values to minimize costs.
3. Alice is unable to withdraw her locked balance as the lock end timestamp is constantly extended to the maximum lock time.

## Impact

Users may lose access to their funds as they are unable to withdraw their deposits.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/GaugeV4.sol#L443-L459
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/OptionTokenV4.sol#L305-L314

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Remove the `_recipient` argument from the `exerciseLp()` function and use `msg.sender` when calling the internal `_exerciseLp()` function.