Fast Hazelnut Horse

High

# A user can be made to pay more/less payment tokens than intended when `exerciseLp` is called

## Summary
`getPaymentTokenAmountForExerciseLp` uses current reserves of the pool containing `underlyingReserve` and `paymentReserve` to calculate `paymentAmountToAddLiquidity` which can be easily manipulated.
## Vulnerability Detail
In `_exerciseLp`  and `_exerciseVe` look at this section:

```solidity
(uint256 paymentAmount,uint256 paymentAmountToAddLiquidity) =  getPaymentTokenAmountForExerciseLp(_amount,_discount);
    if (paymentAmount > _maxPaymentAmount)
        revert OptionToken_SlippageTooHigh();

    // Take team fee
    uint256 paymentGaugeRewardAmount = _discount == 0 ? 0 : _takeFees(
        paymentToken,
        paymentAmount
    );
    _safeTransferFrom(
        paymentToken,
        msg.sender,
        address(this),
        paymentGaugeRewardAmount + paymentAmountToAddLiquidity
    );
```

Notice this check: 

```solidity
    if (paymentAmount > _maxPaymentAmount)
        revert OptionToken_SlippageTooHigh();
```

This check is only for `paymentAmount`. There is no such check for `paymentAmountToAddLiquidity`. Because of this, a user can be made to easily overpay. Look at the function `getPaymentTokenAmountForExerciseLp`: 

```solidity
function getPaymentTokenAmountForExerciseLp(uint256 _amount,uint256 _discount) public view returns (uint256 paymentAmount, uint256 paymentAmountToAddLiquidity)
{

    paymentAmount = _discount == 0 ? 0 : getLpDiscountedPrice(_amount, _discount);
    (uint256 underlyingReserve, uint256 paymentReserve) = IRouter(router).getReserves(underlyingToken, paymentToken, false);
    paymentAmountToAddLiquidity = (_amount * paymentReserve) / underlyingReserve;
}
```
In the above code block, `paymentAmountToAddLiquidity` is dependent on `paymentReserve` and `underlyingReserve` which are the current reserves of the pool. If a malicious user was to make a big trade before an `exerciseLp` transaction such that they add in payment tokens for getting the underlying tokens in return, then they are increasing the `paymentReserve` and simultaneously decreasing the `underlyingReserve` , then the `paymentAmountToAddLiquidity` would increase. And, as discussed above, there is no check on `paymentAmountToAddLiquidity`. So, the user would be paying a lot more `paymentTokens` than intended:

```solidity
    _safeTransferFrom(
        paymentToken,
        msg.sender,
        address(this),
        paymentGaugeRewardAmount + paymentAmountToAddLiquidity
    );
```

A user could also do the reverse. They may try to manipulate the current reserves such that the amount of payment tokens to be paid can be much less than intended. They may do so by adding in underlying tokens for getting the payment tokens in return. This would decrease the `paymentAmountToAddLiquidity`  and hence they would be paying fewer `paymentAmountToAddLiquidity` tokens.    


## Impact
User could be paying more `paymentAmountToAddLiquidity` tokens than intended which is a loss to user. Also, they can pay less than intended, which is a loss to the protocol. All because of `paymentAmountToAddLiquidity` being dependent on current reserves of the pool.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/OptionTokenV4.sol#L350
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Use TWAP to determine `paymentAmountToAddLiquidity` as well or add a check to see that `paymentAmountToAddLiquidity` is less than a given max allowable amount.

