Modern Snowy Kestrel

Medium

# Attacker Can Extend Token Lock Period Indefinitely with Minimal Cost in `Gauge`

## Summary
An attacker can indefinitely extend a user's lock time in the `Gauge` via the `OptionTokenV4` contract, effectively preventing token withdrawals with minimal costs.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `exerciseLp(...)` function allows providing any recipient and calls the internal `_exerciseLp(...)` function with that recipient. The internal function requires `msg.sender` to pay `paymentAmount` and `paymentAmountToAddLiquidity` in the form of the payment token.

The payment amount can be discounted by up to 80% with the initial configuration, where a larger discount results in a longer lock duration. The `paymentAmountToAddLiquidity` is used to add liquidity inside AMM, which mints LP tokens. These LP tokens are then used for locking inside `GaugeV4` by calling `depositWithLock(_recipient, lpAmount, getLockForDurationLpDiscount(_discount))`.

Inside `depositWithLock(...)`:
```solidity
require(msg.sender == account || isOToken[msg.sender],
// ...
balanceWithLock[account] += amount;
uint256 currentLockEnd = lockEnd[account];
uint256 newLockEnd = block.timestamp + _lockDuration;
if (currentLockEnd > newLockEnd) {
    revert("The current lock end > new lock end");
} 
lockEnd[account] = newLockEnd;
```
The function can only be called by the account owner (i.e., msg.sender) or the `OptionTokensV4` contract. However, the protocol does not consider a scenario where someone deposits via the `OptionTokensV4` contract and increases `lockEnd` by exercising with the largest discount and the smallest amounts, minting at least some LP tokens. This leads to the issue where the timelock for the withdrawal is always overwritten.

For example, during testing with 3 wei of DAI (based on provided tests), I was able to mint 2 LP tokens (even if the payment token is IOTA) for a lock of 36 days (80% discount). The 3 wei cost is negligible for the attacker, and gas costs are also minimal on the IOTA EVM. Therefore, to lock a user's tokens for one year would cost around 30 wei plus minimal gas with approximately 10 periodic requests.

## Impact
An attacker can perform a denial-of-service (DoS) attack on a user's withdrawals from the gauge for many months at a minimal cost, effectively rendering the user's funds stuck with no way to prevent this in the current design.

## Code Snippet
[_exerciseLp](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/OptionTokenV4.sol#L700-L704)
[Updating of `lockEnd`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/GaugeV4.sol#L454-L458)

## Tool Used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider disallowing exercising for other users or implementing a mapping of locks to ensure lock periods cannot be indefinitely extended by an attacker.