Innocent Pastel Panther

Medium

# Voter contract handles Gauge pauses incorrectly

## Summary
If a gauge is paused then unpaused, it will receive the accrued rewards from the time it was paused.
## Vulnerability Detail
Whenever the notifyRewardAmount function is called at the Voter contract, the index uint internal variable has its value increased according to the amount that has been rewarded and the totalWeight of all gauges.

```solidity
 function notifyRewardAmount(uint amount) external {
        ...
        if (_ratio > 0) {
            index += _ratio;
        }
        ...
    }
```

This works as a mechanism to update all gauges' pending rewards without having to call any update logic on a per gauge basis.


The supplyIndex mapping stores the last index in which a gauge has received a rewards update:
```solidity
mapping(address => uint) internal supplyIndex;

function _updateFor(address _gauge) internal {
        ...
        if (_supplied > 0) {
            uint _supplyIndex = supplyIndex[_gauge];
            uint _index = index; // get global index0 for accumulated distro
            supplyIndex[_gauge] = _index; // update _gauge current position to global position
            ...
            }
        } else {
            supplyIndex[_gauge] = index; // new users are set to the default global state
        }
    }
```

When a gauge is paused, its claimable value is set to zero, and its isAlive mapping value is false.
From that point on, the index variable continues to accrue rewards for all gauges while the supplyIndex for the paused gauge has its value unchanged.

When the gauge is unpaused, its supplyIndex is kept. However, the index variable may be much bigger. So users are able to call updateGauge right after a gauge is unpaused and earn the rewards that were accrued by the time the gauge was paused.
## Impact
Users are able to earn rewards on periods they're not supposed to.
Gauges may or may not accrue rewards during paused periods, it really depends on how often a third party would call updateAll/updateForRange to ensure paused gauges don't benefit.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/Voter.sol#L394

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Make sure to update the gauge's supplyIndex during the restartGauge call as to avoid users being able to receive rewards for the time the gauge was paused.
This mitigation ensures there's no chance of the vulnerability happening, different than relying on third party calls.