Square Licorice Shell

Invalid

# Dangerous Use of ERC20's transferFrom Function in  VotingEscrow.sol

## Summary
The security audit of the smart contract has revealed a critical vulnerability within the codebase, specifically in the usage of the ERC20's transferFrom function. This vulnerability allows for unauthorized token transfers, potentially leading to significant loss of funds for the token owners.

## Vulnerability Detail
The vulnerability arises from the allowance of an arbitrary address to be used as the from parameter in the transferFrom function. This design flaw permits anyone to transfer tokens from someone else's address without proper authorization. The dangerous use of ERC20's transferFrom function is evident throughout the codebase. One notable instance is in line 805 of the VotingEscrow.sol file.

## Impact
The impact of this vulnerability is severe as it can lead to unauthorized token transfers. Malicious actors could exploit this flaw to transfer tokens from any address without the owner's consent, resulting in potential financial losses for the token holders. This undermines the security and trustworthiness of the smart contract.

## Code Snippet
Here is a critical code snippet demonstrating the dangerous use of the transferFrom function:

```javascript
// VotingEscrow.sol - Line 805
assert(IERC20(lpToken).transferFrom(from, address(this), _value));

```

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

To mitigate this vulnerability, the following recommendations should be implemented:

- Restrict the from Parameter: Ensure that the from parameter in the transferFrom function is only set to the caller's address or addresses that have been explicitly approved by the token owner.

- Implement Access Control: Introduce access control mechanisms to validate that the from address has authorized the transfer. This can be achieved by integrating role-based access control (RBAC) or ownership checks.
