Fast Black Eel

Medium

# Users can call `reset` on their token even if they don't have active votes, griefing potential token buyer/receiver

## Summary
Users can vote on certain gauges in the `Voter` contract, allowing them to "withdraw" their votes using the `reset` function, a note on this function, is that it sets `lastVoted` for that token ID. However, that function doesn't check if the token has active votes before allowing the user to reset them. This introduces an issue, especially when users move/transfer/sell their tokens, more below.

## Vulnerability Detail
A bit of context, in `VotingEscrow::_transferFrom`, there's a check to block the transferring of tokens in case that token has active votes.
```solidity
require(attachments[_tokenId] == 0 && !voted[_tokenId], "attached");
```
This is not there to block users from voting multiple times using the same token, as the vote is saved per token and not per owner. So, this is there to allow a token receiver to immediately have the ability to use that token and vote on gauges.

So a user can use the missing check anomaly to grief NFT buyers (remember tokens are NFTs and are tradable), so a user puts his token for sale, and just before the transferal that user front runs the transfer TX and calls `Voter::reset`, this blocks the buyer from voting on any gauge in the current epoch.

## Impact
*  A malicious user is able to prevent the sold token from voting in that epoch(7 days)
* Contract fails to deliver promised returns, but doesn't lose value.
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/Voter.sol#L201-L205
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add the following in `Voter::reset`:
```diff
require(poolVote[_tokenId].length > 0, "No active votes");
```