Able Gingham Manatee

Low/Info

# Pair price may be manipulated by direct transfers to attack 3rd party protocols that may integrate with velocimeter in the future

## Summary
Price of pair depends on the balance of tokens available in the pair.sol contract. And third-party projects/protocols that will integrate with velocimeter may depend on `Pair.prices()`, `Pair.currentCumulativePrices()`, `Pair.current()`, `Pair.quote()` for their price readings but they are very manipulatable.

## Vulnerability Detail

Since the Pair contract exposes the price functions, it maybe be used as a price oracle in third-party integrations. Manipulating the price of a pair may allow an attacker to steal funds from such integrations.


The pair.sol contract captures oracle readings every 30 minutes 
```solidity
// Capture oracle reading every 30 minutes
    uint constant periodSize = 1800;
```

```solidity
if (timeElapsed > periodSize) {
            observations.push(Observation(blockTimestamp, reserve0CumulativeLast, reserve1CumulativeLast));
        }
```

An attacker can aim for the 30 mins time interval when twap readings will be captured and he will use FLASHLOANS to manipulate/ inflate the Pair prices this will aid him to successfully attack the third-party projects that integrate with velocimeter and depend on `Pair prices` for their price readings.





## Impact
Manipulating the price of a pair may allow an attacker to steal funds from third-party integrations that depend on `Pair.prices()`, `Pair.currentCumulativePrices()`, `Pair.current()`, `Pair.quote()` for their price readings.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/Pair.sol#L222

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/Pair.sol#L182

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/Pair.sol#L198

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/Pair.sol#L212


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
checking the original uniswapV2Pair.sol contract there are no functions like `Pair.prices()`, `Pair.currentCumulativePrices()`, `Pair.current()`, `Pair.quote()` please remove these.
https://github.com/Uniswap/v2-core/blob/ee547b17853e71ed4e0101ccfd52e70d5acded58/contracts/UniswapV2Pair.sol

 Having these functions will do harm to 3rd party projects that will be integrating with velocimeter in future as their readings are very manipulatable.