Young Mango Tiger

Medium

# Voting for pool once and not calling `poke` will keep undecayed vote weight in subsequent weeks

## Summary
Users vote weight does not decay automatically and are incentivsed to vote for a pool once and earn rewards based on non-decaying weight.
## Vulnerability Detail
Every week users are able to cast, reset, change or keep their vote for pool(s) of their choice. The `poke` function acts as mimicking their last vote with the same weight and pool preferences, but with decayed bias. However, pool votes do not reset automatically upon epoch rollover and `poke` is not hooked to any other functions hence it is expected that users should call it at their own will.

In this case, users who intend to support a specific pool are incentivized to vote after creating their lock and never invoke `poke` in order to yield extra bribes and token emissions on their undecaying weight. In the [current implementation of `poke`, `governor`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/Voter.sol#L235) is listed as valid msg.sender, seemingly to prevent the vector described above, however the solution is inefficient and raises the following question and concern:
    - How does the governor know when a user is free-riding and not just speculating on which pools to vote for? 
    - Governor-invoked `poke` on a honest user robs them off of casting their intended vote for the week since it updates lastVoted[tokenId]

Similar issue was observed in [Spearbit's Velodrome security review 17.07.2023](https://github.com/spearbit/portfolio/blob/master/pdfs/Velodrome-Spearbit-Security-Review.pdf) 5.3.3. There, `poke` had no access control and still imposed identical risks. The risk in the case of Velocimeter increases further due to the imposed access control on who can call `poke`. 
## Impact
Users can yield more rewards unfairly on the back of others.
## Code Snippet
```solidity    
function poke(uint _tokenId) external onlyNewEpoch(_tokenId) {
        require(IVotingEscrow(_ve).isApprovedOrOwner(msg.sender, _tokenId) || msg.sender == governor);
        lastVoted[_tokenId] = block.timestamp;


        address[] memory _poolVote = poolVote[_tokenId];
        uint _poolCnt = _poolVote.length;
        uint256[] memory _weights = new uint256[](_poolCnt);


        for (uint i = 0; i < _poolCnt; i ++) {
            _weights[i] = votes[_tokenId][_poolVote[i]];
        }


        _vote(_tokenId, _poolVote, _weights);
    }
```
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Automatic vote reset would solve all issues. Either reset pool weights upon epoch rollover or hook reward distribution to `poke`.