Digital Daisy Skunk

Medium

# Unauthorized Detach Of Tokens

## Summary
The Voter contract allows any user to detach a token from gauge, leading to detaching tokens that were never meant to be detached. Also, tokens can be detached from gauges which are killed.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the Voter contract, the `detachTokenFromGauge` function allows anyone to detach a token from any gauge they choose. This function lacks the necessary access controls to ensure only authorized entities can do this. As a result, it opens up the possibility for detaching tokens that were never meant to be detached and detaching tokens from already killed gauges.

Additionally, when comparing this to the `attachTokenToGauge` function, there is a noticeable discrepancy. The `attachTokenToGauge` function includes access control checks to ensure the caller is a gauge and is alive. These checks are absent in the `detachTokenFromGauge` function, making it susceptible to misuse.

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/Voter.sol#L444-L447

## Impact
Allowing anyone to detach tokens from any gauge they choose can lead to:
- Malicious users detaching important tokens for a given gauge.
- Spamming the system with detaching tokens from already killed gauges.

## Code Snippet
```solidity
function detachTokenFromGauge(uint tokenId, address account) external {
	if (tokenId > 0) IVotingEscrow(_ve).detach(tokenId);
	emit Detach(account, msg.sender, tokenId);
}

function attachTokenToGauge(uint tokenId, address account) external {
	require(isGauge[msg.sender]);
	require(isAlive[msg.sender]); // killed gauges cannot attach tokens to themselves
	if (tokenId > 0) IVotingEscrow(_ve).attach(tokenId);
	emit Attach(account, msg.sender, tokenId);
}
```

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Implement access control mechanisms in the `detachTokenFromGauge` function similar to those in the `attachTokenToGauge` function. Ensure that only authorized entities can detach tokens from a gauge.

```diff
function detachTokenFromGauge(uint tokenId, address account) external {
+	require(isGauge[msg.sender]);
+	require(isAlive[msg.sender]);
	if (tokenId > 0) IVotingEscrow(_ve).detach(tokenId);
	emit Detach(account, msg.sender, tokenId);
}
```
