Silly Cider Pig

High

# `Voter.sol#detachTokenFromGauge` function has no authority check.

## Summary
`Voter.sol#detachTokenFromGauge` function has no authority check.
Therefore, anyone can call this function and detach VE token from gauges.

## Vulnerability Detail
`Voter.sol#detachTokenFromGauge` function is the following.
```solidity
    function detachTokenFromGauge(uint tokenId, address account) external { 
        if (tokenId > 0) IVotingEscrow(_ve).detach(tokenId);
        emit Detach(account, msg.sender, tokenId);
    }
```
As can be seen, the above function has no authority check for `msg.sender`.
Therefore, anyone can call this function and detach VE token from gauges.
Then the VE token can be withdrawn, transferred to others, splitted and merged to other VE token.

Originally, attaching gauges to a VE token can be executed only by the owner of the VE token.
However, disposing (withdrawing, transferring, etc) the VE token can be executed also by the operator of the owner or the approved spender of the token.

From the facts above, the following scenario is possible:
1. An owner of a VE token deposit some LP tokens to a gauge while attaching them to his own VE token. After that the VE token can't be disposed until the owner detaches it from the gauge.
2. The operator or the approved spender calls `Voter.sol#detachTokenFromGauge` function and detaches it from gauges. Thus the operator or the approved spender can dispose the VE token contrary to the owner's intention.

## Impact
Anyone can call `Voter.sol#detachTokenFromGauge` function and detach VE token from gauges.
Exploiting this vulnerability, the operator or the approved spender of the VE NFT can dispose it contrary to the owner's intention.

## Code Snippet
- [v4-contracts/contracts/Voter.sol#L444-L447](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/tree/main/v4-contracts/contracts/Voter.sol#L444-L447)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Add the authority check to the `Voter.sol#detachTokenFromGauge` function similar to the `Voter.sol#attachTokenToGauge` function.
```solidity
    function detachTokenFromGauge(uint tokenId, address account) external {
++      require(isGauge[msg.sender]);
++      require(isAlive[msg.sender]); // killed gauges cannot attach tokens to themselves
        if (tokenId > 0) IVotingEscrow(_ve).detach(tokenId);
        emit Detach(account, msg.sender, tokenId);
    }
```
