Funny Merlot Yeti

Medium

# RewardsDistributorV2 uses unsafe formulas to calculate balance

## Summary

An unsafe formula is used in various places in `RewardsDistributorV2.sol` ([here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L139), [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L158), [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L208) and [here](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L265)). Casting a negative int256 to an uint would create an undeflow, causing the Math.max function to return a very large number

## Vulnerability Detail

The following formula is used throughout the `RewardsDistributorV2.sol` contract:
`Math.max(uint(int256(x)), 0)`
where ` x` is something like:
`pt.bias - pt.slope * dt`
where `dt` is a time interval

This formula is supposed to return 0 when the balance is a negative number. However, if `x` is a negative number, `uint(int256(x))` will produce a very large positive number. 

Slope is initially calculated as the amount locked over a fixed int, the number of seconds in 52 weeks (< 10^9). The bias is initially calculated as slope times the delta between the lock end timestamp and block timestamp. This delta shall be named `dt_bias` for readability.

Looking at the `_claim` function, [the relevant line](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L208) looks like this:
`uint balance_of = Math.max(uint(int256(old_user_point.bias - dt * old_user_point.slope)), 0);`

Knowing that the bias is also a function of the slope, this boils down to `dt_bias - dt` being less or greater than 0.
The `dt_bias` is computed as following: 
`dt_bias =  int128(int256(old_locked.end - block.timestamp));`
dt is computed as following: 
`int128 dt = int128(int256(week_cursor - old_user_point.ts));`

Making these functions return a wrong result is a matter of tuning the parameters in such a way to produce a negative result.


## Impact

If I could reproduce this in a test, I would have marked it as a High.
I only managed to produce a point where the bias and slope would be equal:


    │   ├─ [906] VotingEscrow::point_history(3) [staticcall]
    │   │   └─ ← [Return] Point({ bias: 2, slope: 2, ts: 1209599 [1.209e6], blk: 3 })

Producing a point with a bias equal to the slope means that (bias - dt * slope) becomes negative for any interval greater than one.

Due to the time limit and the desire to explore other defects, I decided to mark this as a medium.

## Code Snippet

The following snippet which shows the behavior of casting a negative int256 to an uint has been tested on Remix, using the same solidity version 0.8.13:

```solidity
function abc() public pure returns (uint) {
    return uint(int256(-1));
}
```
Output:
{
	"0": "uint256: 115792089237316195423570985008687907853269984665640564039457584007913129639935"
}

## Tool used

Manual Review
Remix

## Recommendation
Simply compute `x` and return 0 if it's a negative number:
```solidity
x = int256(old_user_point.bias - dt * old_user_point.slope);
return (x < 0) ? 0 : uint(x);
}
```

