Stale Sangria Troll

High

# Unsafe casting in `RewardsDistributorV2` leads to incorrect reward distribution


## Summary
Solidity does not revert when casting a negative number to an unsigned integer (uint). Instead, it underflows to a large number.
This behavior can lead to incorrect reward distribution in the `RewardsDistributorV2` contract when the calculated balance is negative.

## Vulnerability Detail
In the _claim function, the balance of a token to be distributed is calculated as follows:
`uint balance_of = Math.max(uint(int256(old_user_point.bias - dt * old_user_point.slope)), 0);`
The intention is to return zero when the calculated balance is a negative number.
However, due to Solidity's behavior, casting a negative number to uint underflows to a large number. This can lead to incorrect reward calculations.

## Impact
This issue can result in:
- Potentially large, unintended reward payouts.
- Incorrect reward distribution if third-party protocols depend on this function.
- Errors in further updates or functionalities that rely on this codebase.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L139
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L158
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L208
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L265

## Tool used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
To address this issue, Math.max should be used before casting a negative number to uint to ensure that the balance is not negative. This will prevent underflow and ensure that the reward distribution is accurate.
