Slow Steel Seahorse

High

# `disable_max_lock` does not work for last NFT in the array

## Summary
`disable_max_lock` does not work for last NFT in the array

## Vulnerability Detail
Let's look at the code of `disable_max_lock` when attempting to disable the max lock for the last NFT.

```solidity
    function disable_max_lock(uint _tokenId) external {
        assert(_isApprovedOrOwner(msg.sender, _tokenId));
        require(maxLockIdToIndex[_tokenId] != 0,"disabled");

        uint index =  maxLockIdToIndex[_tokenId] - 1;
        maxLockIdToIndex[_tokenId] = 0;  // this clears the deleted token's idToIndex

         // Move the last element into the place to delete
        max_locked_nfts[index] = max_locked_nfts[max_locked_nfts.length - 1];  // this will do nothing
        
        // update the index 
        maxLockIdToIndex[max_locked_nfts[index]] = index + 1;  // this will set again the idToIndex of the token 
        
        // Remove the last element
        max_locked_nfts.pop();
    }
```

As we can  see,  the `max_locked_nfts` will shrink, but `maxLockIdToIndex` will remain the same. Because of this, the nft will continue to have max lock. If the user attempts to call the function again, this will cause DoS, due to out of bounds array access.

Furthermore, this could be weaponized by a user for example enabling max lock on 1000 dust NFTs, calling `disable_max_lock` always on the last one (simply shrinking the array by 1000 without deleting the `maxLockIdToIndex` value for any of them). And then as soon as the contract reaches 1000 max locked ids, user once again calls `disable_max_lock` for each of them in the same way to once again shrink the array without clearing the values. This way, when the users attempt to disable max lock, it will fail due to out of bounds array access. 

Attack can be repeated indefinitely. 

## Impact
broken functionality, DoS

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L904

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
delete the value of `maxLockIdToIndex` in the end, rather than in the beginning 
