Square Arctic Chicken

Medium

# `Pair::current(..)` function can be manipulated

## Summary
The `Pair::current(..)` function returns the current TWAP price based on the last observation. It does this but fetching the last TWAP and evaluates the reserves using the time elapsed between now and the time the last observation was recorded.

I understand the protocol will be deployed on the IOTA network but I am reporting this because, of protocols that may integrate with VM and also considering that the Audit README states that
> ...but code was build with any EVM-compatible network in mind.

## Vulnerability Detail
The observation is pushed every thirty minutes. However, the interval between current timestamp and the last observation varies a lot and in most cases, the TWAP interval is shorter than 30 minutes.

```solidity
File: Pair.sol
198:     function current(address tokenIn, uint amountIn) external view returns (uint amountOut) {
199:         Observation memory _observation = lastObservation();
200:         (uint reserve0Cumulative, uint reserve1Cumulative,) = currentCumulativePrices();
201:         if (block.timestamp == _observation.timestamp) {
202:             _observation = observations[observations.length-2];
203:         }
204: 
205:   ->    uint timeElapsed = block.timestamp - _observation.timestamp;
206:         uint _reserve0 = (reserve0Cumulative - _observation.reserve0Cumulative) / timeElapsed;
207:         uint _reserve1 = (reserve1Cumulative - _observation.reserve1Cumulative) / timeElapsed;
208:         amountOut = _getAmountOut(amountIn, tokenIn, _reserve0, _reserve1);
209:     }

```

If the last observation is newly updated, the `timeElapsed` will be much shorter than 30 minutes paving way for a cheap price manipulation in this case.

Assume the last observation is updated at `T` and current price is `X`, an attack can be lunched at At T + 30_MINUTES - 1
- at `T + 30_MINUTES - 1`, the exploiter tries to manipulate the price of the pair. lets say the price is moved to 100x.
- at `T + 30_MINUTES`, the exploiter pokes the pair. The pair pushes an observation with the price = 100x
- At T + 30_MINUTES + 1, the exploiter tries to exploit external protocols (that integrate with VM) with the price now averaged around 100x. The current function fetches the last observation and calculates the TWAP between the last observation and the current price. It ends up calculating the two-block-interval TWAP

## Impact
Manipulation of TWAP price leading to possible theft of funds

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/Pair.sol#L198-L209


## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Consider removing the `current(...)` function since it presents this vulnerability and it is currently not used in the contract. al