Gorgeous Snowy Skunk

Medium

# Rewards from the previous epoch are lost and locked in the Voter contract for Gauges that are paused or killed in the current epoch.

## Summary

If rewards for the previous epoch were not distributed for a Gauge that is being paused or killed in the current epoch, those rewards are locked forever in the Voter contract.

## Vulnerability Detail

The issue arises from the fact that rewards for the past epoch are distributed in the current epoch by calling `distribute` on each Gauge. Even if a Gauge is paused or killed in the current epoch, the rewards for the previous epoch belong to that Gauge as it was a valid reward recipient for the entire previous epoch.

When a Gauge is killed or paused, its `claimable[]` value is set to 0, even when there are rewards for the previous epoch.

```solidity
File: Voter.sol
380:     function pauseGauge(address _gauge) external {
             ...
388:         claimable[_gauge] = 0; // <=== rewards from the previous epoch should be distributed before this
             ...
392:     }
```

```solidity
File: Voter.sol
407:     function killGaugeTotally(address _gauge) external {
             ...
421:         delete claimable[_gauge]; // <=== rewards from the previous epoch should be distributed before this
             ...
429:     }
```

This is incorrect, and rewards should be distributed to that Gauge's voters. If this is not done, those rewards are locked forever in the Voter contract with no way of extracting them.

## Impact

Loss of funds in the form of all the rewards from the previous epoch that belong to the users of the paused or killed Gauge.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/Voter.sol#L380-L392
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/Voter.sol#L407-L429

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Before setting the `claimable[]` value to zero, distribute rewards to the voters of the Gauge that is about to be paused or killed, as those rewards were correctly earned by this Gauge and its voters.
