Slow Steel Seahorse

High

# User can make their `veNFT` unpokeable by doing a dust vote

## Summary
User can make their `veNFT` unpokeable by doing a dust vote

## Vulnerability Detail
In order to understand the impact of the issue, we need to first understand why `poke` is critical to the system. When users vote for a pool of their choice, they contribute with the current balance of their `veNFT`. As the `veNFT` balance is linearly decaying, this results in possible outdated votes. For example: if a user has voted with a `veNFT` which has 10 weeks until `unlock_time` and 9 weeks have passed without anyone poking or revoting the `veNFT`, it will still be contributing with the balance from 9 weeks ago, despite the current balance being 10x less. 

For this reason poking is introduced, so if a NFT has not been updated in a long time, admins can do it (usually in other protocols like Velodrome, poking is unrestricted and anyone can do it to make it fair for all users)

However, a user can make their `veNFT` unpokeable in the following way: 
1. Let's say current `veNFT` balance is 1e18.
2. User votes for 2 pools - `1e18 - 1` weight to the one of their choice and 1 weight to a random other pool.
3. After 1s passes, the NFT's balance will be less than 1e18. As it is less than 1e18, any poke would fail as `1 * veBal / 1e18` will round down to 0 voting weight.

```solidity
                uint256 _poolWeight = _weights[i] * _weight / _totalVoteWeight;
                require(votes[_tokenId][_pool] == 0);
                require(_poolWeight != 0);
```


## Impact
User's gauge of choice will receive more emissions than supposed to. User will receive more bribes than supposed to.


## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/Voter.sol#L269

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
If voting weight is 0, instead of reverting, `continue`