Silly Cider Pig

Medium

# `VotingEscrow.sol#_balanceOfNFT` function calculates past balance of NFT incorrectly.

## Summary
`VotingEscrow.sol#_balanceOfNFT` function calculates past balance of NFT always based on the last point.
So, if the timestamp is before than the user's last point, the balance will be inflated.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `VotingEscrow.sol#_balanceOfNFT` function is the following.
```solidity
    function _balanceOfNFT(uint _tokenId, uint _t) internal view returns (uint) {
1018:   uint _epoch = user_point_epoch[_tokenId];
        if (_epoch == 0) {
            return 0;
        } else {
1022:       Point memory last_point = user_point_history[_tokenId][_epoch];
1023:       last_point.bias -= last_point.slope * int128(int256(_t) - int256(last_point.ts));
            if (last_point.bias < 0) {
                last_point.bias = 0;
            }
            return uint(int256(last_point.bias));
        }
    }
```
As can be seen, the function always pick user's last point for calculation of balance of NFT in `L1018` and `L1022`.
Therefore, if the `_t` is before the `last_point.ts`, then the `last_point.bias` will be rather increased than the original value in `L1023`.

Example:
1. Assume that user has two history point `p0 = {bias: 10_000, slope: 1, ts: 0}` and `p1 = {bias: 20_000, slope: 1, ts: 10_000}` for `_tokenId = 1`.
2. Assume that `_balanceOfNFT(1, 5000)` is called.
3. It will be `_epoch = 2` in `L1018` and `last_point = p1 = {bias: 20_000, slope: 1, ts: 10_000}` in `L1022`.
4. In `L1023`, `last_point.bias = 20_000 - 1 * (5_000 - 10_000) = 25_000`.
5. But it should be calculated based on `p0` such as `10_000 - 1 * 5_000 = 5_000`, so it is inflated 5 times larger.

## Impact
`VotingEscrow.sol#_balanceOfNFT` function is called by `VotingEscrow.sol#getPastVotes` function and the return value is used by voting system.
Therefore, the inflated return value causes serious problems to the protocol.

## Code Snippet
- [v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1017-L1029](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/tree/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1017-L1029)

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
It is recommended to get the appropriate user point for the timestamp `_t` in `L1022`.