Gorgeous Snowy Skunk

High

# Token price can be manipulated in `OptionTokenV4` when adding liquidity during the `exerciseLp()` or `exerciseVe()` function calls.

## Summary

The `OptionTokenV4` contract adds liquidity without protection on the maximum `paymentAmountToAddLiquidity` amount.

## Vulnerability Details

Preconditions:
- `OptionTokenV4` allows calls to `exerciseLp()` and `exerciseVe()`.
- The user has approved payment tokens with an unlimited amount and possesses a significant amount of payment tokens in their wallet.

The issue arises because only `paymentAmount` is protected by a maximum amount when exercising the oToken:

```solidity
File: OptionTokenV4.sol
608:         if (paymentAmount > _maxPaymentAmount)
609:             revert OptionToken_SlippageTooHigh();
```

However, `paymentAmountToAddLiquidity` is not similarly protected and is calculated based on the current `Pair` reserves:

```solidity
File: OptionTokenV4.sol
353:         paymentAmount = _discount == 0 ? 0 : getLpDiscountedPrice(_amount, _discount);
354:         (uint256 underlyingReserve, uint256 paymentReserve) = IRouter(router).getReserves(underlyingToken, paymentToken, false);
355:         paymentAmountToAddLiquidity = (_amount * paymentReserve) / underlyingReserve;
```

Consider this scenario:

1. Alice wants to exercise a large amount of oTokens, has approved the `OptionTokenV4` with unlimited allowance, and has a significant amount of payment tokens in her wallet (let's assume $1M+ value).
2. Bob notices Alice's transaction on an EVM chain that allows sandwiching (bribing node operators, monitoring the mempool).
3. Bob inflates the oToken underlying Token price (buys before the exercise), forcing Alice to add a huge amount of liquidity to the (Token/Payment Token) pair.
4. Bob sells his Tokens after Alice exercises, profiting from the significantly increased pair liquidity, resulting in a much higher average price per token when selling compared to the purchase price.
5. If the Token price in the given Pair is still above the Token price in other pairs, arbitrage bots will continue to extract value from the liquidity Alice added.

## Impact

Users can lose a significant amount of payment tokens due to price manipulation when adding liquidity.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/OptionTokenV4.sol#L350-L356
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/OptionTokenV4.sol#L607
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/OptionTokenV4.sol#L666

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Add `_maxPaymentAmountToAddLiquidity` to both `exerciseLp()` and `exerciseVe()` functions, and check for:

```solidity
        if (paymentAmountToAddLiquidity > _maxPaymentAmountToAddLiquidity)
            revert OptionToken_SlippageTooHigh();
```
