Modern Snowy Kestrel

High

# `_checkpoint_total_supply()` Updates `ve_supply` for Incomplete Epochs


## Summary
The `ve_supply` in `RewardDistributorV2` incorrectly stores the total supply of points even if the epoch has not ended, leading to an incorrect distribution of rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `checkpoint_total_supply(...)` function stores the total supply of points inside `ve_supply[epoch]` obtained from `VotingEscrow`. The problem is that it stores the number of points at the beginning of the epoch rather than at the end.

```solidity
for (uint i = 0; i < 20; i++) {
    if (t > rounded_timestamp) { // @audit-issue here it should be >=
        break;
    } else {
        uint epoch = _find_timestamp_epoch(ve, t);
        IVotingEscrow.Point memory pt = IVotingEscrow(ve).point_history(epoch);
        int128 dt = 0;
        if (t > pt.ts) {
            dt = int128(int256(t - pt.ts));
        }
        ve_supply[t] = Math.max(uint(int256(pt.bias - pt.slope * dt)), 0);
    }
    t += WEEK;
}
time_cursor = t;
```
The issue lies in the first `if` statement inside the loop. Even if the epoch has not finished, the loop continues. The condition should be `>=` instead of `>`, as the current implementation fails to account for changes that can occur until the end of the epoch. This leads to incorrect reward distribution since rewards are distributed based on:

```solidity
to_distribute += balance_of * tokens_per_week[week_cursor] / ve_supply[week_cursor];
```
The rewards are distributed among the number of points, but the current implementation stores the number of points at the beginning of the epoch rather than at the end. The total supply can fluctuate during the epoch, resulting in an incorrect distribution of rewards.

## Impact
Incorrect distribution of rewards to users.

## Code Snippet
[checkpoint_total_supply function](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L149-L158)

## Tool Used
Manual Review

## Recommendation
Change the condition in the loop to ensure the correct calculation of points at the end of the epoch:

```diff
- if (t > rounded_timestamp) { 
+ if (t >= rounded_timestamp) { 
    break;
}
```