Funny Merlot Yeti

High

# Epoch boundary checking in RewardsDistributorV2 can be exploited for increased rewards

## Summary

A design choice of the `RewardsDistributorV2` contract is to not fetch the total supply on demand, but cache it on a weekly basis. The [`_checkpoint_total_supply`](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L142-L163) is using a time cursor to go through each epoch and get the supply value.
The current boundary checking allows the user to create a checkpoint when `t == rounded_timestamp` to record the total supply, create a new lock and still use the previously recorded total supply when computing the rewards, and therefore multiplying his rewards.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `RewardsDistributorV2` contract stores the cached total supply in the `ve_supply` variable. The function `_checkpoint_total_supply` uses the state variable `time_cursor` to keep track of the last updated week. When the function is called, a counter `t` takes the value of `time_cursor` and is incremented with `WEEK` (7 * 86400) each loop iteration. For each of the weeks where an update has not been performed, the function computes the total supply value with information from the `VotingEscrow` contract and stores it in the `ve_supply` variable. The loop should stop when `t` is in the current epoch.

Let's look at the boundary checking:
```solidity
uint rounded_timestamp = block.timestamp / WEEK * WEEK;

if (t > rounded_timestamp) {
    break;
} else {
  // fetch data from VotingEscrow
```

When `t == rounded_timestamp`, technically it's the first second of the new epoch. This means that the execution flow should not go on the `else` branch, but it does. As a consequence, it creates a new checkpoint with the current supply.

The attacker can now create a new lock with a large value. When the reward is claimed, it is [calculated](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L211) as 
`to_distribute += balance_of * tokens_per_week[week_cursor] / ve_supply[week_cursor]`.

Since ve_supply has already been updated and the cursor incremented, the reward will be divided by a much smaller value than it should. If the total supply was previously X and user deposits  X in his lock,  the reward will be double.

## Impact

High - Loss of funds for the protocol

## Code Snippet

N/A

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Update the check from `t > rounded_timestamp` to `t >= rounded_timestamp`
