Polite Butter Gazelle

High

# `RewardsDistributorV2` incorrect reward calculation due to caching total `ve_supply`

## Summary

Users can lock their tokens in `VotingEscrow` to receive a `veNFT`, which allows them to receive rewards via `RewardsDistributorV2`.

`RewardsDistributorV2` caches the total `ve_supply`, which is the total balance locked in `Voting Escrow` at a specific time (epochs). This is used to determine reward calculation.

However, the `total supply` can be cached at the beginning of an epoch, and not updated again until after the epoch ends. 

Therefore the calculation of claimable rewards `epoch rewards * user supply / total supply` will be incorrect and will give users extra rewards, causing some users to steal rewards for others and possible DoS for other users due to insufficient rewards.

This is a [known issue](https://velodrome.finance/security) with `Velodrome V1` forks that hasn't been fixed in `Velocimeter V4`.

## Vulnerability Detail

The total supply of locked tokens in `Voting Escrow` is cached in `RewardsDistributorV2` so that past values of `total supply` can be fetched easily:

[RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L46](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L46)
```javascript
uint[1000000000000000] public ve_supply;
```

Anyone can cache the current total supply, as long as the `time_cursor` does not point to a new week:

[RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L142-L167](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L142-L167)
```javascript
    function _checkpoint_total_supply() internal {
        address ve = voting_escrow;
@>      uint t = time_cursor;
@>      uint rounded_timestamp = block.timestamp / WEEK * WEEK;
        IVotingEscrow(ve).checkpoint();

        for (uint i = 0; i < 20; i++) {
@>          if (t > rounded_timestamp) { //@audit-info next epoch, so we break
                break;
            } else {
                uint epoch = _find_timestamp_epoch(ve, t);
                IVotingEscrow.Point memory pt = IVotingEscrow(ve).point_history(epoch);
                int128 dt = 0;
                if (t > pt.ts) {
                    dt = int128(int256(t - pt.ts));
                }
                ve_supply[t] = Math.max(uint(int256(pt.bias - pt.slope * dt)), 0);
            }
            t += WEEK;
        }
@>      time_cursor = t;
    }

    function checkpoint_total_supply() external {
        _checkpoint_total_supply();
    }
```

Notice what's happening here. `rounded_timestamp` calculates the beginning of the current week (Thursday), and note that each epoch in the `Velocimeter` protocol is `1 week` long (begins every Thursday).

If the `time_cursor` points to the next epoch (next week), then the loop breaks since that epoch has not yet started. Once that epoch starts, users can proceed to call `checkpoint_total_supply` to update the total supply.

However, this is an issue, as users can call this function as soon as the epoch starts, which will update the `ve_supply` of the current epoch to be the same as the last epoch (which is the current total supply). Since `t` is updated to the next epoch via `t += WEEK`, the loop will break everytime `checkpoint_total_supply` is called again because `t > rounded_timestamp` (points to the next epoch). Therefore, the `total supply` (ve_supply) cannot be updated for the rest of the epoch, so when rewards are finally distributed at the end of the epoch, it will not correctly reflect the `total supply` of the epoch.

Rewards are distributed via the following calculation:

[RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L210-L212](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L210-L212)
```javascript
    if (balance_of != 0) {
        to_distribute += balance_of * tokens_per_week[week_cursor] / ve_supply[week_cursor];
    }
```

Since `ve_supply` is lower than reality, users will receive extra rewards, causing others to lose rewards and possible DoS of `claim()` due to insufficient rewards.

Consider the following example:

1. Total supply of locked tokens is 100.
2. As soon as a new epoch starts, user calls `checkpoint_total_supply` to update `ve_supply` of this epoch to 100 tokens.
3. User proceeds to lock 200 tokens.
4. Now, any call to `checkpoint_total_supply` will not update the `ve_supply` to 300 tokens, since `time_cursor` points to the next week, so the loop instantly breaks.
5. Fast forward to when rewards are distributed, and the user proceeds to earn 2x rewards than what they should have received (since ve_supply is 100 instead of the actual total supply at that epoch).

## Impact

Rewards stolen, possible DoS due to insufficient rewards for some users.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L46

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L142-L167

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L210-L212

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider removing the `checkpoint_total_supply` functionality and fetch the balance of locked tokens directly from `VotingEscrow` 1 second before the epoch flip, which is how `Velodrome Finance` [fixed](https://github.com/velodrome-finance/contracts/commit/2d7f02ed58ccbcc604cb2892f327b541c92df94b) this issue. This way, the total balance will correctly reflect the balance of locked tokens of the respective epoch.