Dazzling Mossy Vulture

High

# Incorrect reward distribution when t == roundedTimestamp in RewardsDistributor

## Summary


## Vulnerability Detail
The ```RewardsDistributorV2``` contract has a vulnerability that leads to incorrect reward distribution when a transaction occurs at the beginning of an epoch. The issue is related to the ```_checkpoint_total_supply()``` function, where the reward calculation may be inaccurate when the timestamp exactly matches the rounded timestamp. This can result in incorrect reward amounts for users. 

```RewardsDistributorV2``` distributes newly minted tokens to users who lock the tokens in VotingEscrow. The RewardsDistributorV2 stores the supply in the public veSupply mapping. The RewardsDistributorV2 ```_checkpoint_total_supply()``` function iterates from the last updated time until the latest epoch time, fetches totalSupply from VotingEscrow, and saves it in veSupply.

## Impact

The impact of this vulnerability is that users may receive incorrect rewards when interacting with the RewardsDistributorV2 contract. Specifically, when a transaction occurs at the beginning of an epoch and the timestamp matches the rounded timestamp, the reward calculation for subsequent transactions will be inaccurate.

Proof of Concept
Assume the following scenario when a transaction is executed at the beginning of an epoch:

- Alice locks 100 tokens, and the supply of flow/weth LPtoken increases to 100.
- Bob calls the _checkpoint_total_supply(). The RewardsDistributor saves the veSupply as 100.
- Bob locks 300 tokens, and the supply of lp token increases to 400.
- After some time, Bob claims the reward. The reward is calculated by totalReward * balance / supply. However, due to the vulnerability, Bob gets reward = 3 instead of the expected reward = 3/4.
- The invariance of the week-bound total supply is broken.

NOTE: This kind of vulnerability is common in similar type of codebases.

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/63818925987a5115a80eff4bd12578146a844cfd/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L149

## Tool used
[Reference issue from velodrome](https://solodit.xyz/issues/rewarddistributor-caching-totalsupply-leading-to-incorrect-reward-calculation-spearbit-none-velodrome-finance-pdf) 

## Recommendation
It is recommended to update the _checkpoint_total_supply() function as follows:

```solidity

    function _checkpoint_total_supply() internal {
        address ve = voting_escrow;
        uint t = time_cursor;
        uint rounded_timestamp = block.timestamp / WEEK * WEEK;
        IVotingEscrow(ve).checkpoint();

        for (uint i = 0; i < 20; i++) {
-           if (t > rounded_timestamp) 
+           if (t >= rounded_timestamp) {
                break;
            } else {
                uint epoch = _find_timestamp_epoch(ve, t);
                IVotingEscrow.Point memory pt = IVotingEscrow(ve).point_history(epoch);
                int128 dt = 0;
                if (t > pt.ts) {
                    dt = int128(int256(t - pt.ts));
                }
                ve_supply[t] = Math.max(uint(int256(pt.bias - pt.slope * dt)), 0);
            }
            t += WEEK;
        }
        time_cursor = t;
    }
```