Zany Sepia Millipede

High

# RewardDistributor caching totalSupply leading to incorrect reward calculation

## Summary
RewardDistributor distributes newly minted VELO tokens to users who locks the tokens in
VotingEscrow. Since the calculation of past supply is costly, the rewardDistributor cache the supply value in
uint256[1000000000000000] public veSupply. The RewardDistributor._checkpointTotalSupply function
would iterate from the last updated time util the latest epoch time, fetches totalSupply from votingEscrow, and
store it.
## Vulnerability Detail
Assume the following scenario when a transaction is executed at the beginning of an epoch.
1. The totalSupply is X.
2. The user calls checkpointTotalSupply. The rewardDistributor save the totalSupply = X.
3. The user creates a lock with 2X the amount of tokens. The user has balance = 2X and the totalSupply
becomes 3X.
4. Fast forward to when the reward is distributed. The user claims the tokens, reward is calculated by total
reward * balance / supply and user gets 2x of the total rewards.

## Impact
Incorrect reward collection
## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/RewardsDistributorV2.sol#L282
## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
```solidity
The quick fix would be to stop rewardDistributor caching totalSupply when it can still increase.
function _checkpointTotalSupply() internal {
address _ve = ve;
uint256 t = timeCursor;
uint256 roundedTimestamp = (block.timestamp / WEEK) * WEEK;
IVotingEscrow(_ve).checkpoint();
for (uint256 i = 0; i < 20; i++) {
- if (t > roundedTimestamp) {
+ if (t >= roundedTimestamp) {
break;
} else {
// fetch last global checkpoint prior to time t
uint256 epoch = _findTimestampEpoch(t);
IVotingEscrow.GlobalPoint memory pt = IVotingEscrow(_ve).pointHistory(epoch);
int128 dt = 0;
if (t > pt.ts) {
dt = int128(int256(t - pt.ts));
}
// walk forward voting power to time t
veSupply[t] = uint256(int256(max(pt.bias - pt.slope * dt, 0))) +
,! pt.permanentLockBalance;
}
t += WEEK;
}
timeCursor = t;
}
```
Also recommend
not to cache the totalSupply in rewardDistributor and fetching totalSupply from the votingEscrow every time is
needed.