Sleepy Plum Quail

Medium

# Wrong `DOMAIN_TYPEHASH` used in calculating `domainSeparator` in `VotingEscrow::delegateBySig`, `EIP712` specification not followed.

## Summary

Wrong `DOMAIN_TYPEHASH` used in calculating `domainSeparator` in `VotingEscrow::delegateBySig`, `EIP712` specification not followed.

## Vulnerability Details

The `delegateBySig` function in the `VotingEscrow` contract computes the `domainSeparator` using a method that deviates from the [EIP-712 standard](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-712#definition-of-domainseparator). Specifically the `domainSeparator` construction includes a `version` parameter that is not defined in the `DOMAIN_TYPEHASH` constant as per EIP-712 specifications.
This will cause calculating wrong `domainSeparator` and finally creating wrong digest. This inconsistency will lead to interoperability issues and could affect the proper validation of signatures across different platforms and tools that rely on EIP-712.

**Domain Type Hash (DOMAIN_TYPEHASH):**

```solidity
File : contracts/VotingEscrow.sol

1258: /// @notice The EIP-712 typehash for the contract's domain
1259: bytes32 public constant DOMAIN_TYPEHASH = keccak256("EIP712Domain(string name,uint256 chainId,address verifyingContract)");

```

[VotingEscrow.sol#L1258-L1259](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1258-L1259)

This defines the structure of the domain type. It includes `name`, `chainId`, and `verifyingContract`.

**Domain Separator Calculation:**

```solidity
File : contracts/VotingEscrow.sol

1515: bytes32 domainSeparator = keccak256(
1516:    abi.encode(
1517:        DOMAIN_TYPEHASH,
1518:        keccak256(bytes(name)),
1519:        keccak256(bytes(version)),
1520:        block.chainid,
1521:        address(this)
1522:    )
1523: );
```

[VotingEscrow.sol#L1515-L1523](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1515-L1523)

Here `name`, `version`, `block.chainid`, and `address(this)` are used to compute the `domainSeparator`.

The discrepancy lies in the `DOMAIN_TYPEHASH` definition versus its usage in `abi.encode` for `domainSeparator` calculation:

`DOMAIN_TYPEHASH` includes `name`, `chainId`, and `verifyingContract`.
domainSeparator calculation includes `name`, `version`, `block.chainid`, and `address(this)`.
According to the [EIP-712 standard](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-712#definition-of-domainseparator). the `DOMAIN_TYPEHASH` should strictly define the type structure expected by the signing process.

## Impact

`version` is included in the `domainSeparator` calculation but not in the `DOMAIN_TYPEHASH`.
This deviation from the standard could lead to interoperability issues and confusion, especially when verifying signatures across different implementations or tools that strictly adhere to EIP-712.

Interoperability Issues: Signatures generated using the current method may not be verifiable by systems strictly adhering to the EIP-712 standard potentially leading to signature validation failures.

Security Risk: Misaligned or non-standard implementation of signature schemes can introduce confusion and increase the risk of vulnerabilities such as signature replay attacks.

## Tools Used

Manual Review

## Recommendations

To adhere to the EIP-712 standard:

Modify `DOMAIN_TYPEHASH` to include version.

```diff

- bytes32 public constant DOMAIN_TYPEHASH = keccak256("EIP712Domain(string name,uint256 chainId,address verifyingContract)");
+ bytes32 public constant DOMAIN_TYPEHASH = keccak256("EIP712Domain(string name,string version,uint256 chainId,address verifyingContract)");

```

By aligning `DOMAIN_TYPEHASH` with the actual data used to compute `domainSeparator` you ensure compatibility with tools and libraries that conform to the `EIP-712 standard`. This alignment is crucial for correctly interpreting and verifying signatures generated using EIP-712.


## Recommendation
