Sweet Lemonade Lynx

Medium

# Unrestricted Token Detachment



## Summary

The `detachTokenFromGauge` function in the `Voter.sol` contract lacks proper access control, allowing any external account to detach tokens from gauges. This vulnerability can be exploited to perform a denial-of-service (DoS) attack by detaching tokens from gauges abruptly.

## Vulnerability Detail

The `detachTokenFromGauge` function, which detaches tokens from gauges, is accessible to any external account without any access control checks. An attacker can exploit this vulnerability by detaching tokens from gauges, causing unexpected disruptions.

The function is defined as [follows](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/Voter.sol#L444-L447):

```solidity
// @audit no access control, anyone can detach gauges!!
function detachTokenFromGauge(uint tokenId, address account) external {
    if (tokenId > 0) IVotingEscrow(_ve).detach(tokenId);
    emit Detach(account, msg.sender, tokenId);
}
```

The corresponding `detach` function in the `VotingEscrow` contract, which is called by `detachTokenFromGauge`, only requires that the call is made from the `voter` [contract](https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L1190-1193):

```solidity
function detach(uint _tokenId) external {
    require(msg.sender == voter);
    attachments[_tokenId] = attachments[_tokenId] - 1;
}
```

Since the `detachTokenFromGauge` function can be called by anyone, this requirement is always met, allowing the detachment of tokens without restriction.

## Impact

This vulnerability can be exploited to cause a denial-of-service (DoS) attack by detaching tokens from gauges abruptly. This could disrupt the normal functioning of the system and affect users who rely on the proper attachment of tokens to gauges.

## Code Snippet

```solidity
// Voter.sol
function detachTokenFromGauge(uint tokenId, address account) external {
    if (tokenId > 0) IVotingEscrow(_ve).detach(tokenId);
    emit Detach(account, msg.sender, tokenId);
}

// VotingEscrow.sol
function detach(uint _tokenId) external {
    require(msg.sender == voter);
    attachments[_tokenId] = attachments[_tokenId] - 1;
}
```

## Tool Used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Implement proper access control checks in the `detachTokenFromGauge` function to ensure that only authorized accounts can detach tokens from gauges. For example, you can restrict access to the function by using a modifier that checks if the caller is an authorized account.
