Delightful Lavender Goose

Medium

# `withdrawToken` function can freely allow detaching tokens from gauge

## Summary
Publicly accessible `withdrawToken()` function allows token detachment without full withdrawal, leading to potential system discrepancies and unintended token-gauge detachment.

## Vulnerability Detail
The `withdrawToken()` function is publicly accessible and takes two inputs: an amount and a tokenId. This function is designed to detach the token from the gauge it is associated with and withdraw the specified amount. 

However, a user can exploit this function by passing `0 as the amount` along with the `tokenId` they wish to detach. This results in no actual withdrawal of tokens, but the token still gets detached. 

The intended behavior is for withdrawToken() to be called internally by the withdraw() function, which only detaches the token if the full amount deposited is being withdrawn.

## Impact
This issue allows users to detach tokens without withdrawing the full amount, contrary to the intended functionality. It can lead to unexpected detachment of tokens, causing potential discrepancies in the system and affecting the integrity of the token-gauge relationship.

## POC
```solidity
    function testWithdrawTokenDetach() public {
        deployPairFactoryGauge();

        assertEq(gauge.tokenIds(address(owner)), 0);
        pair.approve(address(gauge), 1337e9);
        uint prev_balance = gauge.balanceOf(address(owner));

        gauge.deposit(1337e9, 1);

        assertEq(gauge.balanceOf(address(owner)), prev_balance + 1337e9);
        assertEq(gauge.tokenIds(address(owner)), 1);
        assertEq(escrow.attachments(1), 1);

        gauge.withdrawToken(0,1);

        assertEq(escrow.attachments(1), 0);
        assertEq(gauge.balanceOf(address(owner)), prev_balance + 1337e9);
    }
```

## Code Snippet
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/Gauge.sol#L482

## Tool used

Manual Review

## Recommendation
Change the `withdrawToken` function visibility from `public` -> `internal`