Gorgeous Snowy Skunk

Medium

# Corrupted mechanism of attaching/detaching veNFTs to Gauges.

## Summary

The mechanism for attaching and detaching veNFT tokens to Gauges is flawed, leading to potential loss of funds and operational issues.

## Vulnerability Detail

There are several critical issues related to attaching and detaching veNFT tokens to Gauges:

1. **No Access Control for Detaching in `Voter.detachTokenFromGauge()`**:
   ```solidity
   File: Voter.sol
   444:     function detachTokenFromGauge(uint tokenId, address account) external {
   ```
   This function allows any user to detach tokens for other users, potentially leaving inexperienced users in an unresolved state where they must manually call the withdraw function in the Gauge. This can be problematic if there is no frontend or if the contract is not verified on an explorer.

2. **Lack of Benefit and Bypass for Attaching veNFT to a Gauge**:
   Users can bypass attaching veNFTs to a Gauge by calling `GaugeV4.deposit()` with `tokenId == 0`, rendering the attachment functionality useless.
   
## Impact

**Loss of Funds via DoS**: Users may be unable to perform withdrawals from veNFTs with attached Gauges, resulting in a loss of funds.
**Operational Confusion**: The attaching/detaching mechanism does not work as expected and is prone to errors, causing confusion and potential loss of user trust.

## Code Snippet

https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/GaugeV4.sol#L479-L482
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/GaugeV4.sol#L536-L540
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/Voter.sol#L444-L447
https://github.com/sherlock-audit/2024-06-velocimeter/blob/main/v4-contracts/contracts/VotingEscrow.sol#L957

## Tool Used

Manual Review

## Recommendation

Consider the following changes to address these issues:

1. **Add Access Control**: Restrict the `detachTokenFromGauge()` function to only allow the Gauge to call the function.

2. **Enforce Attachment Benefits**: Ensure that attaching a veNFT to a Gauge provides benefits and cannot be bypassed. This might involve making the attachment mandatory for certain Gauge operations and providing incentives for attaching veNFTs.
   
3. **Review and Simplify**: If the attachment/detachment mechanism proves to be too complex or prone to errors, consider simplifying or removing it altogether. Focus on mechanisms that provide clear benefits and are easy to use and understand.
